it is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination !  @ cnbc
congratulations to wonderful charles payne on having been so optimistic and therefore correct market up big ! !
i will be doing a  news  conference at 10 : 00 am on the jobs numbers ! white house
this is an amazing jobs report ! edward lawrence  @ fox news 
i am so stunned i’ve never seen numbers like this and i’ve been doing this for 30 years ! steve m  @ mariabartiromo
really big jobs report great going president trump kidding but true !
true steve is a great senator need him badly in washington complete and total endorsement ! 
great going mike ! 
great going brad ! 
we just landed wisconsin a massive navy shipbuilding contract beautiful designs ! 
a must watch ! 
unrelated i gave alaska anwr major highways and more get any candidate ready good or bad i don’t care i’m endorsing if you have a pulse i’m with you !
“police groups break with biden”  @ politico his handlers want him to “defund the police” i want more money for law enforcement !
you don’t burn churches in america !
the fake  news paper ! 
great book make charlie number one again ! 
good work ted ! 
thank you matt ! 
get tough police ! 
fredo’s ratings are down more than 50 people are tired of his act  @ cnn is dying ! 
so true ! 
burgess owens utah “we weren’t to sure in 2016 but we voted for the right person to take us through this process”  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news   thank you burgess working hard !
“chaos lawlessness and destruction take over new york”  @ fox news   when will governor cuomo call the federal government for help ?
media falsely claimed violent riots were peaceful and that tear gas was used against rioters 
you got it wrong ! if the protesters were so peaceful why did they light the church on fire the night before ? people liked my walk to this historic place of worship ! sen susan collins sen james lankford sen ben sasse please read  @ mzhemingway below 
“media falsely claimed violent riots were peaceful and that tear gas was used against rioters” 
washington dc was the safest place on earth last night !
my admin has done more for the black community than any president since abraham lincoln passed opportunity zones with  @ senatortimscott guaranteed funding for hbcu’s school choice passed criminal justice reform lowest black unemployment poverty and crime rates in history…
decorated combat vet  @ marthamcsally has a great new book dare to fly which tells her story as the first american woman to fly a fighter jet in combat she’s tough tested and true a real fighter for arizona get her book today at 
great new book out today by  @ dineshdsouza — get your copy today ! 
new york city put on an 11 : 00  pm  curfew last night no wonder they ripped the place apart should be 7 : 00  pm  call up the national guard  # savenyc
vaccines are coming along really well likewise therapeutics moving faster than anticipated good  news  ahead in many ways !
chris jacobs  @ jacobsny27 will be a tremendous congressman who will always fight for new york he is strong on the border our military and vets and the second amendment chris has my complete and total endorsement ! vote for chris on june 23 !  # ny27 
congressman dusty johnson  @ dustyjohnson is a phenomenal advocate for the people of south dakota ! he helped us deliver usmca for our farmers and he is strong on the border and our second amendment dusty has my complete and total endorsement !  # sdal
senator mike rounds  @ roundsforsenate continues to deliver for south dakota ! mike is working hard for our incredible farmers and he is strong on trade military our vets and the second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement !  # sdsen
congressman mike simpson  @ mikesimpson4id is a tremendous champion for idaho ! mike is working hard for our incredible farmers and he strongly supports our military vets and the second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement !  # id02 
congressman russ fulcher  @ russfulcher is an incredible representative for the people of idaho ! he fully supports the border wall life our vets and the second amendment russ has my complete and total endorsement !  # id01
congressman jim banks  @ jimbanks is a fighter for indiana ! a highly respected navy officer jim works hard for our vets and small businesses strongly supports the second amendment and our border wall ! jim has my complete and total endorsement !  # in03 
congresswoman jackie walorski  @ jackiewalorski is doing an incredible job for indiana she fights for small businesses the economy and our incredible military and vets ! jackie has my complete and total endorsement !  # in02
congressman andy harris  @ harris4congress is a tremendous advocate for maryland ! a highly respected physician andy fights for the second amendment border security and our incredible farmers andy has my complete and total endorsement !  # md01
dc had no problems last night many arrests great job done by all overwhelming force domination likewise minneapolis was great thank you president trump !
thank you mark ! 
fake  news  couldn’t hear them during speech ! 
can’t let this happen ! 
great ! 
i will be delivering brief remarks from the rose garden at 6 : 30  pm  eastern to update on the federal response
anarchists we see you ! 
“trump” is leading in all swing states heavily biased democrat poll just like 2016 biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever ! 
“these were the people that trashed seattle years ago who’s paying for these people i was appalled that 13 of joe biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in minneapolis they should have stayed in jail until this is over and beyond”  @ newtgingrich  @ foxandfriends
“i don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in this is an antifa organization it seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was occupy wall street it’s the same mindset”  @ kilmeade   @ foxandfriends  true !
the united states of america will be designating antifa as a terrorist organization
mn gov walz :  we estimate 80 of the rioters are from out of state 
much more “disinformation” coming out of cnn msdnc  @ nytimes and  @ washingtonpost by far than coming out of any foreign country even combined fake  news  is the enemy of the people !
here we go again fake  news   @ cnn is blaming russia russia russia they are sick losers with very bad ratings ! ps can’t blame china because they need the cash ?
it’s antifa and the radical left don’t lay the blame on others !
“regulate twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech”  @ judgejeanine  @ foxandfriends  well as they have just proven conclusively that’s what they are doing repeal section 230 ! !
“the president has been targeted by twitter”  @ mariabartiromo  what about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by adam schiff and so many others on the russian witch hunt plus plus plus ? what about china’s propaganda ? who’s mistakes ? no flags foxandfriends
 @ facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is today criticizing twitter “we have a different policy than twitter on this i believe strongly that facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online” did twitter criticize obama for his “you can keep your dr” ?
 @ usdot is committing $9995m to  @ pghtransit in pennsylvania to connect pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe quick transit service great things coming to a great state !
max red line in oregon is set to receive $9999m in  @ usdot funds to reduce delays in the portland area connect citizens to very important locations and make transit great !  @ trimet
i am proud to commit $609m in  @ usdot funding to provide a brand new bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the albany ny area—more help coming to the people of new york !  @ cdta
indiana is set to receive $100m in  @ usdot transit funds for the  @ southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the state and the chicagoarea and help cut down on traffic  @ govholcomb has worked very hard on this project !
big announcement for the state of indiana ! $775m committed in  @ usdot funds for a “gamechanging” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of indianapolis and lawrence
 @ usdot is committing $218m for the first transit project of this kind in the tampa bay region it will connect st petersburg to popular beaches through stateoftheart transit buses with free wifi will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the great state of florida !
so many different viewpoints ! 
the greatest political crime in usa history ! 
thank you lou ! 
texas supreme court :  lack of immunity to covid19 alone not enough to vote by mail 
he is arguably the greatest president in our history” thank you  @ loudobbs ! 
warrantless surveillance of americans is wrong !
former cbs reporter one of the first ‘to identify myself as a target of illegal spying under obama admin’ 
congratulations to author nick adams on the  @ simonschuster publication of your new book “trump and churchill defenders of western civilization” certainly a great honor to be compared in any way to winston churchill   @ nickadamsinusa
 @ twitter is now interfering in the 2020 presidential election they are saying my statement on mailin ballots which will lead to massive corruption and fraud is incorrect based on factchecking by fake  news  cnn and the amazon washington post
how brilliant are our farmers ? thank you  @ lgutwein9931 real talent !  # maga 
the opening of a cold case against psycho joe scarborough
joe biden’s handling of the h1n1 swine flu was a complete and total disaster even polls on the matter were terrible !
schools in our country should be opened asap much very good information now available  @ stevehiltonx  @ fox news 
thank you we love our boaters ! 
be sure to watch “witch hunt the flynn vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable  @ greggjarrett on  @ fox news  tonight at 8 : 00  pm  this is yet another part of the greatest criminal hoax in american history !
i always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me that’s why i am supporting a true conservative  @ danjohnstonnd for state treasurer of north dakota ! 
allen get well soon ! 
thank you herschel ! 
many physicians agree with you also some very good studies !  @ stevefda  @ usfda 
a blow to her head ? body found under his desk ? left congress suddenly ? big topic of discussion in floridaand he’s a nut job with bad ratings keep digging use forensic geniuses ! 
thank you ! 
transition to greatness !
and sleepy joe ! 
sean parnell is a star we need him in washington to drain the swamp ! 
so bad ! 
admiral ronny jackson  @ ronnyjackson4tx is a very successful doctor and navy veteran running for congress in  # tx13 strong on crime the border and agriculture — and he loves our vets ! ronny has my complete and total endorsement ! vote for ronny ! 
we need  @ karenhandel back in congress to fight for the incredible people of georgia ! she is a tremendous advocate for our military vets border security and the second amendment karen has my complete and total endorsement !  # ga06 
congressman guy reschenthaler  @ reschenthaler is doing tremendous work for the people of pennsylvania ! a navy veteran guy strongly supports our vets borders and always votes to uphold the rule of law guy has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa14 
congressman john joyce  @ johnjoyceforpa is a fighter for the commonwealth of pennsylvania ! john loves our vets military and small businesses and always defends life and the second amendment john has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa13
congressman mike kelly  @ mikekellyforpa is an incredible advocate for pennsylvania ! he fights to lower your taxes create jobs protect our borders and defend the second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa16 
congressman fred keller  @ votefredkeller has been doing a phenomenal job in congress since his special election ! he strongly supports our vets small businesses workers and the second amendment fred has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa12 
congressman glenn “gt” thompson  @ gtteamgt is a hard worker for pennsylvania ! the dean of the delegation he strongly supports our incredible farmers vets and the second amendment “gt” has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa15 
congressman scott perry  @ patriotsperry is an incredible fighter for pennsylvania ! he served our country as an army general and now he fights for our seniors vets military and the second amendment scott has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa10 
congressman lloyd smucker  @ lloydsmuckerpa is working hard for the people of pennsylvania ! lloyd strongly supports the second amendment and he’s fighting for our incredible workers military and vets lloyd has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa11 
lisa scheller  @ schellerforpa will fight for the incredible people of pennsylvania in congress ! she strongly supports our military vets small businesses and the second amendment lisa has my complete and total endorsement !  # pa07
i am proud to announce that the maryland aviation administration  @ mdaviation will receive $878m in cares act airport grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the us capital region very important for economic recovery !
harris is a great american ! 
 @ fox news  should fire their fake pollster never had a good fox poll ! 
thank you ! 
“president trump is leading joe biden d in the battleground state of pennsylvania 502 percent to 455 percentthis is significant as it reflects a 47 percent jump from the previous survey” 
96 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
big day for justice congratulations john ! 
another $298m heading to  @ mta adding up to over $2b in federal funding from  @ usdot so far part of the $39b total from the cares act this is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro nyc in recovery we are here for the people of new york !
just departed the  @ whitehouse for the great state of michigan ! 
the tulsa oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the  @ usdot of up to $120m to help expand highway on the gilcrease expressway west project this will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots !  @ govstitt
great  news  for the dallas area ! dallas area rapid transit dart will be receiving $229m in funding to keep front line workers and the many riders that depend on transit employed and safe this will be critical to economic recovery !  @ gregabbotttx  @ dartmedia
state of nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots creating a great voter fraud scenario for the state and the us they can’t ! if they do “i think” i can hold up funds to the state sorry but you must not cheat in elections  @ russvought45  @ ustreasury
roger stone has been treated very unfairly how about that jury forewoman does anybody think that was fair disgraceful ! stay tuned   @ fox news  and guys like low ratings psycho joe scarborough are allowed to walk the streets ? open cold case !
the fake  news  knows this thanks katie ! 
thank you ! 
thank you emily ! 
i am proud to announce the portland area’s  @ trimet will receive over $184m in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system this will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation !
today we commemorate the 100th anniversary of the birth of saint john paul ii happy birthday ! 
oil energy is back !
sleepy joe  is wrong again ! 
so the socalled hhs whistleblower was against hydroxychloroquine then why did he make and sign an emergency use authorization ?  @ norahodonnell said “he shared his concerns with a reporter” in other words he leaked a dumb  @ 60minutes hit job on a grandstanding never trumper !
transition to greatness
reopen our country !
maga crowds are bigger than ever ! 
enjoy the campaign joe ! 
great job peter ! 
they and the lamestream media including jake have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me they got caught ! 
the number of coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the united states with few exceptions very good  news  indeed !
lacy will do a great job omar is a corrupt disaster ! 
doing really well medically on solving the coronavirus situation plague ! it will happen !
may phyllis rest in peace warmest condolences to her beloved family ! !
great rally and fantastic job on  @ ffweekend this morning it is all happening !  # maga 
thank you ! 
95 approval rating in republican party 51 plus overall but you never read or see this in the fake  news  media always hearing bad made up numbers on how badly i’m doing lamestream media is unhinged and corrupt ! 
so true ! 
hello to india ! 
i’ll do it again ! 
such a wonderful reception yesterday in pennsylvania thank you !  # maga 
i am proud to announce that the united states will donate ventilators to our friends in india we stand with india and  @ narendramodi during this pandemic we’re also cooperating on vaccine develo pm ent together we will beat the invisible enemy !
today i was presented with the brand new  @ spaceforcedod flag in the oval office i will take great pride in displaying it at the  @ whitehouse ! 
i am proud to announce that  @ njtransit will receive $14b in cares act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the ny/nj area ! the largest single federal transit grant to new jersey transit ever together we will prevail !
great ! 
where is the 302 ? it is missing was it stolen or destroyed ? general flynn is being persecuted !  # obamagate
great work  @ owensminor ! on behalf of the american people thank you ! 
just landed in pennsylvania see everyone soon ! 
i am proud to announce the first $500m of $39b in cares act transit funding headed to the ny metropolitan transportation authority important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work ! spend it wisely !  @ nygovcuomo  @ nycmayor
proud of mike ! 
first time in 22 years mike will be a great congressman ! 
thank you working hard !  # maga 
“newly released documents show schiff knew all along there was no proof of russiatrump collusion” wall street journal
transition to greatness
96 approval rating in the republican party thank you ! we will win against a tired exhausted man sleepy joe biden in november
ratings way down show sucks ! 
sleepy eyes fails again ! 
congressman adrian smith is a strong fighter for nebraska he fights for your second amendment defends our borders strengthens our military and loves our vets ! adrian has my complete and total endorsement !  # ne03 
congressman jeff fortenberry  @ supportfortne is a great advocate for nebraska he fights for farmers small businesses and our incredible vets and military jeff has my complete and total endorsement !  # ne01 
he should be fired by concast if done by a republican would be “prosecuted”  @ ajitpaifcc 
sleepy eyes chuck todd should be fired by “concast” nbc for this fraud he knew exactly what he was doing public airwaves  fake  news  !  @ ajitpaifcc   @ fcc 
he got caught obamagate ! 
thank you ! 
thank you ! 
more fake  news  this time from jimmy kimmel’s last place show ! 
thank you to eli lake ! 
congratulations to officer john catanzara for being elected president of the chicago police union he always “gets the job done”  # maga  @ foxandfriends
thank you mike ! 
we are getting great marks for the handling of the coronavirus pandemic especially the very early ban of people from china the infectious source entering the usa compare that to the obama/sleepy joe disaster known as h1n1 swine flu poor marks bad polls  didn’t have a clue !
a great man for washington ! will drain the swamp ! 
governor  @ gavin news om of california won’t let restaurants beaches and stores open but he installs a voting booth system in a highly democrat area supposed to be mail in ballots only because our great candidate  @ mikegarcia2020 is winning by a lot ca25  rigged election !
governor  @ gavin news om of california won’t let restaurants beaches and stores open but he installs a voting both system in a highly democrat area supposed to be mail in ballots only because our great candidate  @ mikegarcia2020 is winning by a lot ca25  rigged election !
ca25 is a rigged election trying to steal it from  @ mikegarcia2020   @ gavin news om must act now !
transition to greatness !
today  @ flotus celebrates the two year anniversary of  # bebest her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children congratulations and thank you ! 
congratulations to former governor of new jersey chris christie and all others involved on a complete and total exoneration with a 90 vote by the us supreme court on the obama doj scam referred to as “bridgegate” the democrats
are getting caught doing very evil things and republicans should take note this was grave misconduct by the obama justice department !  @ govchristie
wow ! congratulations to greg gutfeld a one time trump hater who has come all the way home his ratings easily beat no talent stephen colbert nice guy jimmy fallon and wacko “last placer” jimmy kimmel greg built his show from scratch and did a great job in doing so  @ fox news 
heading to arizona !
oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again !
a group of rino republicans who failed badly 12 years ago then again 8 years ago and then got badly beaten by me a political first timer 4 years ago have copied no imagination the concept of an ad from ronald reagan “morning in america” doing everything possible to
msdnc and fake  news  cnn are going wild trying to protect china !
a great new book “fortitude :  american resilience in the era of outrage” by former navy seal and current texas congressman  @ dancrenshawtx is now available a fantastic guy — get your copy today ! 
thank you ryan working hard ! 
progress being made ! 
thank you ! 
thank you ! 
the fake  news  doesn’t show real polls lamestream media is totally corrupt the enemy of the people ! 
 @ petehegseth  “oh bye the way i appreciate the message from former president bush but where was he during impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside”  @ foxandfriends  he was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest hoax in american history !
beautiful thank you to our great  @ blueangels and  @ afthunderbirds ! 
so true although honest abe wasn’t bad thank you ! 
she was thrown off the view like a dog zero tv personas now wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for fake  news  msdnc concast doesn’t have what it takes ! 
very cool please thank him ! 
border wall is going up fast over 172 miles already built 450 miles by early next year or sooner ! dems want open borders i want strong borders ! 
thank you ! 
96 approval rating in the republican party thank you ! also just out highest ever approval rating overall in the new gallup poll and shows “trump beating sleepy joe biden”
there is tremendous coronavirus testing capacity in washington for the senators returning to capital hill on monday likewise the house which should return but isn’t because of crazy nancy p the 5 minute abbott test will be used please inform dr brian p monahan  @ markmeadows
senator shelley moore capito  @ capitoforwv is doing a tremendous job for the great people of west virginia ! she strongly defends our second amendment supports our veterans and is strong on life and the border
together we will fight for small businesses and protect american energy workers ! shelley has my complete and total endorsement ! 
great ! 
plus many ! 
fake polling just like 2016 but worse !
i must admit that lyin’ brian williams is while dumber than hell quite a bit smarter than fake  news   @ cnn “anchorman” don lemon the “dumbest man on television” then you have psycho joe “what ever happened to your girlfriend ?” scarborough another of the low iq individuals !
lyin’ brian williams of msdnc a concast scam company wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter ? totally made up story he’s a true dummy who was thrown off network  news  like a dog stay tuned !
texas to open businesses in phases beginning friday great job being done by  @ gregabbotttx
because shifty is a crooked politician ! 
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 30  pm  thank you !
so true ! 
great ! 
laura just another fake  news  report ! 
 @ cardinaldolan  thank you for a great call yesterday with catholic leaders and a great service today from  @ stpatsnyc !
 @ cardinaldolan  thank you for a great call yesterday with catholic leaders and a great service today from  @ stpatrickscath !
happy birthday to melania our great first lady !
had a great call with catholic leaders and educators earlier today i will be online tomorrow at 10 : 15 am eastern for sunday mass celebrated by  @ cardinaldolan at st patrick’s cathedral  @ stpatsnyc in new york city join me :  
thank you to william perry pendley of the bureau of land management great job on  @ tuckercarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world !  @ fox news 
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 30  pm  thank you !
just spoke to my friend president joko widodo of the republic of indonesia asking for ventilators which we will provide great cooperation between us !
disgraceful should join the republican party ! 
congressman  @ stevestivers is doing a terrific job for the people of ohio ! he defends our borders supports our veterans strong on crime and the second amendment steve has my complete and total endorsement !
congressman bill posey is a tremendous fighter for the great state of florida he is a big supporter of our  # maga agenda – strong on crime the second amendment and loves our veterans and law enforcement bill has my complete and total endorsement !
congressman  @ miketurneroh is a strong supporter and fighter for the people of ohio ! he will help us  # maga ! he’s strong on the border tough on crime will protect our vets and our great second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement ! 
congressman  @ troybalderson is doing a great job for the people of ohio ! he will always protect your  # 2a defend our borders and support small business – a great supporter of the  # maga agenda troy has my complete and total endorsement ! 
congressman  @ davejoyceoh14 is a tremendous fighter for the great state of ohio ! he is tough on crime our border second amendment and helps us combat illegal drugs ! david has my complete and total endorsement ! 
congressman  @ bradwenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the people of ohio ! he’s a proud veteran and is strong on the border tough on crime the second amendment and supports small business brad has my complete and total endorsement !
utah attorney general sean reyes  @ seanreyesut is a fighter and hard worker for the great state of utah he is a big supporter of our  # maga agenda – strong on crime the second amendment and loves our law enforcement
congressman john curtis  @ curtisut gets things done for utah ! john fights for small businesses will lower your taxes and will protect your second amendment he has my complete and total endorsement !
congressman chris stewart  @ stewartforutah is a tremendous fighter for utah he served our country in the us air force and has been a strong supporter of our  # maga agenda
he’s 100 prolife strong on  # 2a and loves our military and vets chris has my complete and total endorsement ! 
congressman warren davidson  @ votedavidson is working very hard for the people of ohio ! he’s a strong supporter of our military vets second amendment and  # maga agenda warren has my complete and total endorsement ! 
bill has my complete and total endorsement ! 
congressman bill johnson  @ johnsonleads is an incredible fighter for the great state of ohio ! he’s a proud veteran and a hard worker who cares for our veterans supports small business and is strong on the border and second amendment
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 45  pm  thank you !
 @ foxandfriends  we now have many ventilators to spare thank you to all ! 
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 45  pm  thank you !
cdc director was totally misquoted by fake  news   @ cnn on covid 19 he will be putting out a statement
“economic impact of covid19”  @ foxandfriends very interesting analysis light at the end of the tunnel thank you !
great new book just out by the former director of ice tom homan :  “defend the border and save lives :  solving our most important humanitarian and security crisis” great guy get your copy today ! 
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 30  pm  thank you !
to state/local governments for lost revenues from covid 19 much needed infrastructure investments for bridges tunnels broadband tax incentives for restaurants entertainment sports and payroll tax cuts to increase economic growth
 @ mikegarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the us and the state of california an annapolis graduate he served our country as a highly decorated navy fighter pilot and will be a great congressman  # ca25 loves our military and vets
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 30  pm  thank you !
great new book out by  @ realktmcfarland “revolution :  trump washington and we the people” get your copy today ! 
great  news  thank you ! 
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5 : 00  pm  thank you !
john james will be a great senator for michigan ! 
spending the morning speaking to  @ fema and military relative to coronavirus also spoke to leaders of various countries including poland south korea and bahrain last night had a very gold conversation with the president of mexico on numerous topics border is very strong !
lamestream media is only getting worse ! 
biden/obama were a disaster in handling the h1n1 swine flu polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers 17000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence ! also don’t forget their 5 billion dollar obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing !
liberate virginia and save your great 2nd amendment it is under siege !
in january and february as the virus spread globally ? why did the who wait as long as it did to take decisive action ? lanhee chen hoover institution fellow  @ fox news 
thank god for truckers ! 
crazy nancy pelosi deleted this from her twitter account she wanted everyone to pack into chinatown long after i closed the border to china based on her statement she is responsible for many deaths she’s an incompetent thirdrate politician ! 
major  news  conference tonight the white house at 6 : 00  pm  eastern to explain guidelines for opening up america again !
democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular paycheck protection program they are killing american small businesses stop playing politics dems ! support refilling ppp now – it is out of funds !
 @ oann poll “gives president trump a 52 approval rating in north carolina and a seven point lead over sleepy joe biden the president also helps other republican candidates including  @ senthomtillis who has a 4 lead over his democrat rival”
our great senator from south carolina  @ senatortimscott just released a fantastic new book “opportunity knocks :  how hard work community and business can improve lives and end poverty” get your copy today ! 
the democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “paycheck” plan replenish account now !
thank you paris ! 
thank you ! 
great going natalie ! 
sorry fake  news  it’s all on tape i banned china long before people spoke up thank you  @ oann 
just watched mike wallace wannabe chris wallace on  @ fox news  i am now convinced that he is even worse than sleepy eyes chuck todd of meet the pressplease ! or the people over at deface the nation what the hell is happening to  @ fox news  it’s a whole new ballgame over there !
cryin’chuck doesn’t have a clue couldn’t care less about the american worker ! 
mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and voter fraud !
watching  @ fox news  on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time we now have some great alternatives like  @ oann
wishing all a safe and blessed easter sunday i will be tuning into pastor  @ robertjeffress at 
economy was shuttered this is unprecedented it is unsettling and challenging but we will rise to meet the occasion” mack mclarty clinton white house chief of staff  @ lelandvittert  @ fox news  thank you mack we will be bigger better and stronger than ever before !
nobody wants to say that if elizabeth warren gets out of the race before super tuesday crazy bernie sanders wins virtually every state in a blowoutnot even close !  i haven’t heard one member of the fake  news  establishment even mention this irrefutable fact fake  news  !
the white house press conference will take place today at 1 : 00  pm  recognizing that it is good friday !
wow approval rating in the republican party  96 thank you !
tim scott is great ! 
thank you erin ! 
great  news  :  prime minister boris johnson has just been moved out of intensive care get well boris ! !
 @ oann  a key coronavirus model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models that’s because the american people are doing a great job social distancing etc keep going !
this morning 450000 protective suits landed in dallas texas this was made possible because of the partnership of two great american companies—dupont and fedex—and our friends in vietnam thank you !  @ dupont news   @ fedex 
flattening of the curve !
will be immediately sending 100 ventilators to colorado at the request of senator gardner ! 
wisconsin get out and vote now for justice daniel kelly protect your 2nd amendment !
the wisconsin supreme court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled vote for justice daniel kelly tomorrow and be safe ! 
congratulations to state representative karen whitsett of michigan so glad you are getting better ! 
 @ gayletrotter  “to this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the president was right”  @ fox news 
thank you gayle ! 
i agree ! 
palm sunday is the beginning of a holy week for many people of faith and a great day to lift our voices in prayer i will be tuning into pastor  @ greglaurie at  @ harvestorg church in riverside california tomorrow at 11 : 00 am eastern 
america owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible covid19 join me in thanking our farmers ranchers processors distributors and stores !  @ johnboozman
i will be holding a  news  conference at 3 : 30  pm  at the white house thank you !
great ! 
i fully agree ! 
thank you cory ! 
thank you  @ usnationalguard keep up the great work ! 
great  news  this week regarding the keystone xl pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying construction jobs for hardworking americans promises made promises kept !  # maga
upon information and belief iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on us troops and/or assets in iraq if this happens iran will pay a very heavy price indeed !
will be starting the white house  news  conference at 5 : 15  pm  eastern
thank you mike ! 
will be starting the white house  news  conference at 5 : 30  pm  eastern
the cbs  news  poll said 13 percent of republicans trusted the  news  media for information about the virus” michael m grynbaum  @ nytimes
on monday nearly 122 million people watched mr trump’s briefing on cnn fox  news  and msnbc according to nielsen — ‘monday night football’ numbers millions more are watching on abc cbs nbc and online streaming sites and the audience is expanding on monday fox  news 
alone attracted 62 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6  pm  cable broadcast more akin to the viewership for a popular primetime sitcom
“president trump is a ratings hit since reviving the daily white house briefing mr trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 85 million on cable  news  roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘the bachelor’ numbers are continuing to rise
because the “ratings” of my  news  conferences etc are so high “bachelor finale monday night football type numbers” according to the  @ nytimes the lamestream media is going crazy “trump is reaching too many people we must stop him” said one lunatic see you at 5 : 00  pm  !
polls are showing tremendous disapproval of lamestream media coverage of the virus crisis the fake  news  just hasn’t figured that out yet !
“with the tax cuts and new trade deals we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year and then the virus came along”  @ larrykudlow   @ mariabartiromo we were breaking all records especially on employment it will all come roaring back again and fast !
heading to the great state of virginia now will be there shortly the  # usnscomfort is “loaded to the gills” at naval station norfolk departing for new york city this afternoon 
thank you james ! 
more fake  news  ! 
i just signed the cares act the single biggest economic relief package in american history – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted at $22 trillion dollars this bill will deliver urgentlyneeded relief for our nation’s families workers and businesses  # caresact ? 
will be signing the care act in the oval office today at 4 : 00  pm  eastern ! 
never knew john kerry had such a good sense of humor ! very impressed ! 
thousand of federal government delivered ventilators found in new york storage ny must distribute now !
general motors must immediately open their stupidly abandoned lordstown plant in ohio or some other plant and start making ventilators now ! !  ford get going on ventilators fast ! @ generalmotors   @ ford
i will be doing a  news  conference live from the  @ whitehouse at 5 : 00  pm  eastern to discuss the mtg of the g20 leaders that took place this morning at 7 : 55 am by world teleconference also my 12 : 00  pm  teleconference call w/50 governors plus territories will be discussed
960 in the united states senate congratulations america !
today is national  # medalofhonorday join me in a  # momentofhonor to remember those who have earned our nation's highest award for valor in combat the nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for america’s values and the american way of life ! 
the four hospitals that we fema are building in nyc at the javits convention center are moving along very well ahead of schedule many additional ventilators also delivered good conversation with governor cuomo !
gee that’s too bad such a fine guy presidential aspirations you know ! 
will be doing a town hall on  @ fox news  at 12 : 05  pm  now i will go on around 1 : 00  pm  enjoy !
keep charlie number one great book ! 
thank you kirstie ! 
buy the book and give liz some great reviews !  @ oann 
a respected coal miner and great dad ! rest in peace ! 
thank you tony ! 
the world market for face masks and ventilators is crazy we are helping the states to get equi pm ent but it is not easy just got 400 ventilators for  @ nycmayor bill de blasio work beginning on 4 hospitals in new york ! millions of different type items coming !
this is the way the  @ nytimes finished a story on me “you can see the contrast between the steady assured informed and strong leadership that vp biden sleepy joe has shown and the bungling chaotic and dishonest startstop approach that mr not pres trump has shown
a great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in new york and other places !  # covid ?19 
will be having a  news  conference from our beautiful white house at 5 : 00  pm  many things to discuss thank you !
working very well with states and our nation’s governors  # teamwork
ford general motors and tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products fast !  @ fema  go for it auto execs lets see how good you are ?  @ re pm arkmeadows  @ gopleader  @ senatemajldr
so true ! 
maria is great ! 
thank you ! 
great story thank you to mr young of jonesboro arkansas ! 
a great guy ! 
america’s private sector is stepping up to help us be strong ! many of the nation’s distillers large and small are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight  # covid19 thank you ! 
15 days to slow the spread ! 
we will be by mutual consent temporarily closing our northern border with canada to nonessential traffic trade will not be affected details to follow !
also according to the daily caller leading sleepy joe biden in florida 48 to 42
the “times” is a disgrace to journalism ! 
just had a  very good teleconference with nation’s governors went very well cuomo of new york has to “do more”
just had a  very good teleconference with nations’s governors went very well cuomo of new york has to “do more”
god bless the usa !
i am watching a great and beautiful service by pastor jentezen franklin thank you !  @ jentezen
thank you sara keep writing great talent ! 
thank you ! 
tomorrow i have called for a national day of prayer i will be tuning in to pastor  @ jentezen at the  @ freechapel church in gainesville georgia at 11 : 00 am edt god bless the usa ! 
the  @ cdcgov has published guidelines on 
the united states loves italy ! 
 news  conference at white house in 10 minutes
biggest stock market rise in history yesterday !
i will be having a  news  conference today at 3 : 00  pm  the white house topic :  coronavirus !
“the obama white house had to immediately issue an apology for joe biden’s remarks and any alarm that he might have caused an alarm about a swine flu outbreak that took 6 months for president obama to declare a national emergency and that killed 12000 americans”  @ loudobbs
i will be addressing the nation this evening at 9 : 00  pm  eastern from the oval office
great meeting on capitol hill with the  @ senategop ! 
ronald reagan’s great economist the recipient of the presidential medal of freedom has just said great things about a payroll tax cut !
there is another russia russia russia meeting today it is headed up by corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff so i wouldn’t expect too much !  @ dhswolf
well deserved jack a great honor ! 
true with number 1 being more important ! 
wow !  @ foxandfriends blew away the competition of morning joke which did very poorly on msdnc another comcast sleaze production and  @ cnn’s new day in the morning television ratings a total blowout but that’s what you get when you treat “trump” fairly !
congressman michael guest  @ guestcongress is an incredible fighter for the great state of mississippi michael is strong on crime and the border he loves our military and vets michael has my complete and total endorsement ! get out and vote for michael tomorrow march 10th !
good for the consumer gasoline prices coming down !
so much fake  news  !
i agree with joe ! 
spoke to governor  @ gavin news om early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the california coast coronavirus test kits have been delivered testing is taking place now 
thank you ! 
my great honor ! 
thank you audrey ! 
we have appointed 220 federal judges and two supreme court justices promises made promises kept ! 
thank you scranton pennsylvania it was a great evening ! 
thank you nan ! 
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren who was going nowhere except into mini mike’s head just dropped out of the democrat primarythree days too late she cost crazy bernie at least massachusetts minnesota and texas probably cost him the nomination ! came in third in mass
 @ gopleader kevin mccarthy informed me that i was 20 for 20 on tuesday with respect to my endorsement of candidates sadly i didn’t get that information from the fake  news  media they don’t report those things or the far more than dems cumulative votes despite no opposition !
retired four star general jack keane will receive the presidential medal of freedom next week !
retired four star general jack keane will recieve the presidential medal of freedom next week !
mini mike “three months ago i entered the race for president to defeat donald trump and i failed miserably !
mini mike don’t lick your dirty fingers both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself ! 
i commend the hard work of senator  @ stevedaines and  @ sencorygardner in protecting funding for the land and water conservation fund for years to come the citizens of montana and colorado thank you both !
mini mike bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances also as mayor he was very bad under pressure  a choker !
mini mike bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances also as mayor he was very bad under pressure  a chocker !
wow ! sleepy joe doesn’t know where he is or what he’s doing honestly i don’t think he even knows what office he's running for ! 
wow ! thank you just landed see everyone soon !  # kag2020 ?
departing for the great state of north carolina ! 
they are staging a coup against bernie !
thank you ! 
congresswoman kay  @ grangercampaign has worked hard for texas and been a strong supporter of our  # maga agenda she’s strong on  # 2a and securing our border and is 100 prolife kay has my complete and total endorsement ! 
michelle  @ fischbachmn7 is running for congress in minnesota nicole is strong on crime and borders cutting taxes your  # 2a loves our military vets and will stand with our great farmers michelle has my complete and total endorsement ! 
“ever since mini mike bloomberg’s bad debate performances his support has dropped”  @ abc news   dropped a lot only his highly paid consultants who are laughing all the way to the bank still support himand by the way he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis !
watch mark levin interview of charlie kirk tonight at 11 : 00  pm  on  @ fox news  amazing  and while you’re at it go get charlie’s new book “the maga doctrine :  the only ideas that will win the future”this is a really great book support charlie kirk !
thank you ! 
mini mike bloomberg didn’t bring nyc back as he said in his fake ad it was  @ rudygiuliani who brought nyc back and who also with his endorsement got mini mike elected with barely a thank you a boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand !
a poll in today’s new york post says that 77 of “us adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the coronavirus number one compared to other health threats” 64 for zika 58 for ebola others way down on list our professionals are doing a great job !
coronavirus :  in addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries or areas within those countries they will also be screened when they arrive in america thank you !  @ vp  @ secazar  @ cdcgov  @ cdcdirector
congratulations to sleepy joe biden !
i will be having 30  pm  press conference at the white house to discuss the latest coronavirus develo pm ents thank you !
thank you south carolina ! 
a socalled reporter named  @ johnjharwood who bombed so badly in the 2016 presidential debates that i thought he was going to be immediately fired a mini mike type performance is now with fake  news   @ cnn a total loser !
i hope we can get admiral  @ ronnyjackson4tx of texas who served our country so well into the runoff election in  # tx13 ! ronny is strong on crime and borders great for our military and vets and will protect your  # 2a get out and vote for ronny on tuesday march 3rd !
i am pleased to announce the nomination of  @ repratcliffe congressman john ratcliffe to be director of national intelligence dni would have completed process earlier but john wanted to wait until after ig report was finished john is an outstanding man of great talent !
on my way to the great state of south carolina see everyone soon !  # maga  # kag 
we strongly stand with terrence ! 
“you go around pennsylvania and you see trump signs everywhere the donald trump situation is bigger than the reagan revolution donald trump has inspired us”  @ rjharris15  whp580
to the people of south carolina tom steyer is a joke laughed at by everyone a total incompetent he made money in coal now he “hates” coal did you see him fawning over crazy bernie ? has no chance a loser for south carolina doesn’t deserve your vote !
so nice ! 
“diagnosis positive cnn is infected with trump derangement syndrome i’m calling out cnn for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides”  @ trishregan  @ fox news   like i say they are fake  news  !
“antitrump network  @ cnn doing whatever it can to stoke a national coronavirus panic the far left network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame president trump”  @ trishregan  @ fox news  media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing !
big story big win  except in the fake  news  which won’t cover it ! 
just landed india was great trip very successful heading to the white house meetings and calls scheduled today  @ cdcgov  @ secazar and all doing a great job with respect to coronavirus ! briefing this afternoon
thank you ! 
52 in the new rasmussen poll 95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
a total miscarriage of justice ! 
“sotomayor accuses gop appointed justices  of being biased in favor of trump”  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news   this is a terrible thing to say trying to “shame” some into voting her way ? she never criticized justice ginsberg when she called me a “faker” both should recuse themselves
great new book just out “taken for granted how conservatives can win back americans that liberalism failed” by gianni caldwell a young winner ! he will be at the ronald reagan library simi valley california on thursday at 6  pm  pt check it out !
thank you lori so true ! 
jeff van drew is a courageous leader that left the do nothing democrats to better serve the great people of new jersey happy birthday  @ congressmanjvd !
look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters  @ cpac on saturday february 29th !  # kag2020 
just another shifty schiff leak isn’t there a law about this stuff ? 
incredible people great rally ! 
simply put he choked ! 
four great candidates are under consideration at dni decision within next few weeks !
great ! 
“she should never have been on that jury everything about this stinks”  @ judgejeanine  @ seanhannity  @ fox news 
could somebody at  @ fox news  please explain to trump hater ab stoddard zero talent ! and  @ teamcavuto that i won every one of my debates from beginning to end check the polls taken immediately after the debates the debates got me elected must be fox board member paul ryan !
“i don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of senator sanders defeating president trump” mini mike bloomberg mini there’s even less chance especially after watching your debate performance last night of you winning the democrat nominationbut i hope you do !
“they say roger stone lied to congress”  @ cnn  oh i see but so did comey and he also leaked classified information for which almost everyone other than crooked hillary clinton goes to jail for a long time and so did andy mccabe who also lied to the fbi ! fairness ?
this is the real mini mike he admitted many times that he is “a fan of donald trump he’s a new york icon” thank you mike ! 
“what has happened to roger stone should never happen to anyone in our country again”  @ tuckercarlson  @ fox news 
a beautiful evening in phoenix arizona with great american patriots thank you ! 
rod blagojevich did not sell the senate seat he served 8 years in prison with many remaining he paid a big price another comey and gang deal ! thank you to  @ lisamarieboothe who really “gets” what’s going on !  @ fox news 
highest stock market in history by far !
congratulations to eddie debartolo jr and your wonderful family of friends ! 
the crooked dnc is working overtime to take the democrat nomination away from bernie again ! watch what happens to the super delegates in round two a rigged convention !
thank you clint ! 
completion of the daytona 500 on fox network now enjoy !
thank you to  @ jackbrewerbsi for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful africanamerican agenda for one lowest unemployment numbers in usa history many other great records foxandfriends   @ fox news 
remember will be at daytona 500 tomorrow !
thank you david ! 
biggest test of his presidency emboldened ready to claim exoneration and take his case of grievance persecution and resentment to the campaign trail” peter baker   @ nytimes  the greatest witch hunt in american history !
“ralph waldo emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the senate impeachment trial of president trump ‘when you strike at the king emerson famously said “you must kill him’ mr trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down a triumphant mrtrump emerges from the
great honor i think ?  mark zuckerberg recently stated that “donald j trump is number 1 on facebook number 2 is prime minister modi of india” actually i am going to india in two weeks looking forward to it !
 @ louiegohmerttx1 is a fantastic republican from the great state of texas ! he fully supports our  # maga and  # kag agenda border wall military vets and your second amendment louie is my friend and has my complete and total endorsement ! 
i look forward to attending the daytona 500 on sunday with lots of my great friends from florida including the france family and  @ re pm ichaelwaltz from  # fl6 see you there good luck to everyone !  @ nascar  @ senrickscott  @ marcorubio  @ govrondesantis 
 @ louisgohmerttx1 is a fantastic republican from the great state of texas ! he fully supports our  # maga and  # kag agenda border wall military vets and your second amendment louie is my friend and has my complete and total endorsement ! 
“the greatest name in politics” patrick  @ mchenrycampaign from the great state of north carolina is a conservative fighter and a true leader who always supports our  # maga agenda patrick has my complete and total endorsement ! 
thank you to the beautiful country of cambodia for accepting the  @ carnivalcruise ship westerdam into your port the united states will remember your courtesy !  @ mickyarison
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
“president trump with smart policies has done more to help the black community than any president in the modern era”  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news 
 @ claudiatenney is a fantastic candidate running in new york where she was a great member of congress she is strong on crime borders cutting taxes your  # 2a and she loves our military and vets claudia has my complete and total endorsement ! 
 @ wesleyhunttx is running for congress in the great state of texas he will help us accomplish our america first policies wesley is strong on crime the border our 2nd amendment trade military and vets wesley has my complete and total endorsement ! 
 @ bethvanduyne did great things as mayor of irving texas with my administration she is a strong conservative who supports border security loves our military vets and supports your  # 2a beth has my full endorsement for congress ! 
 @ jayobernolte of california is running for congress in 2020 jay will help me to continue securing the southern border he loves our great law enforcement officers military vets and he will protect your  # 2a jay has my complete and total endorsement ! 
 @ dagenmcdowell “every democrat is running to raise taxes she pocahontas lied about her ethnicity that was her problem”  @ mariabartiromo  so true dagen !
two months in jail for a swamp creature yet 9 years recommended for roger stone who was not even working for the trump campaign gee that sounds very fair ! rogue prosecutors maybe ? the swamp !  @ foxandfriends  @ tuckercarlson
thank you brad ! 
bootedgeedge buttigieg is doing pretty well tonight giving crazy bernie a run for his money very interesting !
a very bad night for mini mike !
a lot of democrat dropouts tonight very low political iq 
all starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation ! 
mini mike is a short ball very hitter tiny club head speed keep america great ! 
new stock market record congratulations spend your money wisely keep america great ! !
wow bloomberg is a total racist ! 
best usa economy in history !
just returned to white house from dover very sad ! 
nice conflict brown dropped out of presidential race fast polled at zero ! 
tough guys for trump ! 
thank you new hampshire ! 
“a lot of people feel defeatedtrump always wins it seems like nothing can stop him” danny villazon   @ nytimes  @ danaperino  @ fox news   but isn’t that what you want from your president ?
thank you to  @ mirandadevine of the new york post for your interesting and correct column today “trump has gained 20 points since impeachment began in october he gets 67 on economy nonwhite approval of trump is also at a high :  28 up 10 points in a year nice one nancy”
95 approval rating in the republican party a record ! 53 overall plus add 9 points ? corrupt democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the impeachment hoax thank you nancy !
they are really mad at senator joe munchkin in west virginia he couldn’t understand the transcripts romney could but didn’t want to !
the feeling of many about  @ mittromney ! 
pete rose played major league baseball for 24 seasons from 19631986 and had more hits 4256 than any other player by a wide margin he gambled but only on his own team winning and paid a decades long price get pete rose into the baseball hall of fame it’s time !
crazy nancy pelosi’s impeachment hoax has lifted republican congressional polls she lost the house once before ! and my polls way up which was expected but it has had a great effect on republican senate races including north carolina kentucky colorado and arizona thanks !
great to be in charlotte north carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum today we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize underserved cities and towns across america – it’s called opportunity now ! 
another win just in nervous nancy pelosi and the democrats in congress sued me thrown out this one unanimous in the dc circuitwitch hunt !
off to north carolina ! 
thank you charlie ! 
“the senate acquitted president trump of both charges fabricated by congressional democrats led by speaker pelosi and adam schiff to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history  a man they knew to be innocent”  @ loudobbs  @ foxbusiness
“this president has done more for african americans in this country than any president since lincoln”  @ loudobbs
welcome back to earth  @ astrochristina and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space ! you’re inspiring young women and making the usa proud ! enjoyed speaking with you and  @ astrojessica on the first allfemale spacewalk in history last year
nevada i hear you on yucca mountain and my administration will respect you ! congress and previous administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – i’m confident we can get it done !
so true ! 
had failed presidential candidate  @ mittromney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering barack obama as he sanctimoniously does to me he could have won the election read the transcripts !
 @ nytimes “the votes were a resounding victory for mr trump” true but the impeachment hoax was just a continuation of the radical left do nothing democrats corrupt practices !
i will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12 : 00 pm  from the  @ whitehouse to discuss our country’s victory on the impeachment hoax !
“the democrats want to run a country and they can’t run a caucus” brad blakeman  @ fox news   iowa is a complete disaster for the dems they should bring in mini mike bloomberg asap !
my approval rating in the republican party  95 a record ! big iowa win approval rating overall  53 a new high with our great economy and other major successes would be 20 points higher without the phony witch hunts and hoaxes ? ? ?
market up big today on very good economic  news  jobs jobs jobs !
where’s the whistleblower ? where’s the second whistleblower ? where’s the informer ? why did corrupt politician schiff make up my conversation with the ukrainian president why didn’t the house do its job ? and sooo much more !
keep america great !
great company ! 
thank you mike ! 
i promised to restore hope in america that includes the least among us together let’s keep america great ! text trump to 88022 if you liked our super bowl ad ! 
thanks for your invaluable help chuck ! 
thank you john ! 
trump poll numbers are the highest since election despite constant phony witch hunts ! tens of thousands of people attending rallies which the fake  news  never mentions to see “the greatest show on earth” fun because usa is winning again ! 
nadler ripped final argument away from schiff thinks shifty did a terrible job they are fighting big time ! 
this november we are going to defeat the radical socialist democrats and win the great state of iowa in a historic landslide !  # kag2020 
great poll in iowa where i just landed for a big rally !  # kag2020 ? 
leaving michigan now great visit heading for iowa big rally !
happy birthday today to two of the very best in congress— @ re pm ikejohnson age 48 and  @ repleezeldin age 40—big one ! two great american patriots ! !
congressman brian  @ babin4congress of texas has been a strong supporter of our  # maga agenda he is strong on the second amendment and securing our border he loves our great vets and military brian has my complete and total endorsement !
“schiff blasted for not focusing on california homeless”  @ foxandfriends  his district is in terrible shape he is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the impeachment hoax in my opinion he is mentally deranged !
game over ! 
usmca is a massive win for american manufacturers and auto workers ! 
for a guy who couldn’t get approved for the ambassador to the un years ago couldn’t get approved for anything since “begged” me for a non senate approved job which i gave him despite many saying “don’t do it sir” takes the job mistakenly says “libyan model” on tv and
thank you ! 
democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders lateterm abortion socialism and blatant corruption the republican party is the party of the american worker the american family and the american dream !  # trumprallynj  # kag2020 
heading to new jersey big rally in fact really big rally !
the witch hunt continues ! 
really pathetic how  @ fox news  is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with democrats like chris van hollen the no name senator from maryland he has been on forever playing up the impeachment hoax dems wouldn’t even give fox their low ratings debates
don lemon the dumbest man on television with terrible ratings ! 
on international holocaust remembrance day we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the nazi regime
read the transcripts !
majority of people say “the us senate already has enough information !”  @ fox news 
after having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt can anyone including sleepyeyes chuck todd of fake  @ nbc news  continue to listen to his con ?
great editorial in today’s wall street journal “and congress shall be king” bottom line :  “the president becomes a vassal of king congress this is another reason for the senate to repudiate this house impeachment as its own abuse of power” a partisan hoax !
a very good question ! 
paul krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks he and others should be fired by  @ nytimes ! 
iranian foreign minister says iran wants to negotiate with the united states but wants sanctions removed  @ fox news    @ oann no thanks !
previous quote from the great republican senator jim inhofe of oklahoma  chairman of the senate armed services committee
three great men ! 
thank you nick ! 
“i like president trump’s tweets social media i like everything about himand this ukraine stuff the trial the impeachment this isn’t t about ukraine donald trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the democrats he beat hillary clinton in 2016 and
secondly he is fulfilling every promise he made and that is making his opponents apoplectic they’re trying to get him out of office and they’re not going to succeed” pastor robert jeffress author of “choosing the extraordinary life”  thank you pastor !  @ loudobbs  @ foxbus
a really big show tonight by  @ seanhannity  9 : 00  pm   @ fox news   heavy emphasis on the impeachment hoax the radical left do nothing democrats have gone crazy they know it’s a con but just can’t sell it ! public strongly against impeachment
read the transcripts !
jim is great ! 
“he’s got to explain this how did hunter biden get a billion and a half dollars from china to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days ?”  @ lindseygrahamsc  @ fox news 
jeanne mancini president march for life :  “we have never had a president of the united states actually come in person to the march for life” but now you do ! see you later jeanne  @ heatherchilders  @ fox news 
i love alabama ! 
close race in kansas ! 
“the democrats have now conceded that president trump has not committed a crime”  @ arifleischer
of the 2020 election becsuse it weaponizes a process that should only be initiated in exceedingly rare circumstances and should never be used for partisan purposes”  @ heatherchilders  @ fox news  the democrats are trying hard to damage republicans prior to the election !
“there is no evidence of a crime” robert charles fmr asst secy of state the crimes were committed by the other side !
see you on fridaybig crowd ! 
heading back to washington from  @ davos  switzerland very successful for usa trip !
“not the senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the house by the democrats biden admitted that he went to ukraine and did the quid pro quo”  @ stevescalise   @ fox news 
big story hope fake  news  covers it ! 
making great progress in  @ davos tremendous numbers of companies will be coming or returning to the usa hottest economy ! jobs jobs jobs !
read the transcripts !
congratulations on your big  @ ufc win ! 
everyone said it couldn’t be done but for the first time in a generation there will be direct flights between serbia and kosovo another win thanks to  @ whnsc ambassador robert o’brien and ambassador  @ richardgrenell ! 
representative john carter  @ judgejohncarter from the great state of texas has been a tremendous supporter of our  # maga agenda he is strong on crime and borders great for our military and our vets and strong on our  # 2a john has my complete and total endorsement !
two stone cold losers from amazon wp almost every story is a made up lie just like corrupt pol shifty schiff who fraudulently made up my call with ukraine fiction ! 
a great show ! check it out tonight at 9 pm   @ fox news  
“nancy pelosi said it’s not a question of proof it’s a question of allegations ! oh really ?”   @ judgejeanine  @ fox news   what a disgrace this impeachment scam is for our great country !
95 approval rating in the republican party a record thank you !
tremendous surge in new housing construction in december 169 biggest in many years !
words of wisdom thank you ted ! 
heading to florida for big republican party event new stock market record jobs in usa at alltime high !
“there is no crime here entertaining this impeachment is a joke this whole thing should be dismissed”  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news 
“years from now when we look back at this day nobody’s going to remember nancy’s cheap theatrics they will remember though how president trump brought the chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible”  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news 
for the foreign policies of the president”  @ alandersh alan dershowitz  @ seanhannity  @ fox news   they do what the house asks the swamp !
see you tomorrow !  # champs 
looking at this strongly ! 
“there is no crime here i just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand i wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this entertaining this impeachment is a joke” laura ingraham  @ ingrahamangle  @ fox news 
prime minister of the united kingdom  @ borisjohnson stated “we should replace the iran deal with the trump deal” i agree !
former national security adviser for president obama said “president trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader soleimani thank you general jones !
democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders lateterm abortion socialism and blatant corruption the republican party is the party of the american worker the american family and the american dream !  # trum pm ilwaukeerally 
god bless the usa ! 
thank you ! 
thank you to rick scott this impeachment hoax is an outrage ! 
bernie sander’s volunteers are trashing elizabeth “pocahontus” warren everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters mini mike b is also trying but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast elizabeth is very angry at bernie do i see a feud brewing ?
the ukraine hoax that became the impeachment scam must get the icig answers by friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse so if he wants to clear his name prove that his office is indeed incompetent”  @ devinnunes  @ mariabartiromo  @ fox news  the icig never wanted proof !
house republicans investigating origins of the ukraine whistleblower complaint icig michael atkinson facing serious questions “the democrats know the icig is a major problemdidn’t release his testimony looks so much like everything else we’ve seen from the russia hoax to
“pelosi has made a mockery of impeachment her articles are so weak but more importantly she thought she could extort the senate she couldn’t”  @ greggjarrett  @ foxandfriends the do nothing democrats are really run by the radical left too bad !
john kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to iran were used to fund attacks on the usa only a complete fool would have given that 150 billion dollars plus to iran they then went on a middle east rampage !  @ foxandfriends  @ petehegseth
congratulations to the great state of tennessee you’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team big win last night !
the powerful trump wall is replacing porous useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by border patrol illegal crossing are dropping as more and more wall is being completed !  # buildingthewall 
95 approval rating in the republican party a record 53 approval rating overall can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the trump “thing ?” thank you !
i love constantly proving them wrong it’s easy ! 
“i’ve been doing this for 40 years and i’ve never seen anything like this economy”  @ varneyco  @ foxandfriends
thank you mike ! 
i agree jovita will do a great job ! 
democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders lateterm abortion socialism and blatant corruption the republican party is the party of the american worker the american family and the american dream !  # kag2020 
thank you toledo ohio !
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
smart analysis i fully agree ! 
thank you ! 
stock market at alltime high ! how are your 401k’s doing ? 70 80 90 up ? only 50 up ! what are you doing wrong ?
stock market at alltime high ! how are your 409k’s doing ? 70 80 90 up ? only 50 up ! what are you doing wrong ?
thank you elise ! 
great ! 
had a very good meeting with  @ kbsalsaud of saudi arabia we discussed trade military oil prices security and stability in the middle east !
great interview with  @ gopleader kevin mccarthy on  @ foxandfriends “there was no urgency with the articles of impeachment because there was no case”
we love australia ! 
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
great job ! 
happy new year !
our fantastic first lady ! 
thank you to the  @ dcexaminer washington examiner the list is growing every day ! 
how is the paris accord doing ? don’t ask ! 
wonderful account of us embassy iraq vs the benghazi disaster ! 
how is the paris accord doing ? don’t ask parisac 
wonderful account of us embassy iraq vs the bengahzi disaster ! 
“this guy peter strzok was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election” rachel camposduffy   @ fox news   and he wasn’t the only one in that administration the greatest witch hunt in american history !
read the transcripts !
thank you to highly respected jewish leader dov hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on  @ foxandfriends
any answers nancy ? 
thank you juliet ! 
a dirty cop at the highest level scum ! 
thank you adriana ! 
nancy this just doesn’t seem right ! 
thank you ! 
wow crazy nancy what’s going on ? this is big stuff ! 
 @ oann is doing incredible reporting if lamestream media did the same they would get respect back at alltime low ! 
so interesting to see nancy pelosi demanding fairness from  @ senatemajldr mcconnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the united states congress !
“trump stock market rally is far outpacing past us presidents”  @ cnbc  with new trade deals and more the best is yet to come !
speaker pelosi and chuck schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the president is misplaced there is no factual basis for the articles of impeachment that passed the house this president will be exonerated” william mcginley   @ foxandfriends
thank you ritchie ! 
brad blakeman “i happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective they don’t meet the constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors so i would like to see a motion to dismiss at least 51 republican senators would agree with thatthere should be no trial”
2019 holiday retail sales were up 34 from last year the biggest number in us history congratulations america !
187 new federal judges have been confirmed under the trump administration including two great new united states supreme court justices we are shattering every record ! read all about this in “the long game” a great new book by  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell amazing story !
“the trump administration trump policies have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before” griff jenkins  @ foxandfriends
mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses but mcconnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to  @ brithume  @ foxandfriends
what the democrats are doing is “obstruction of the senate it’s wrong constitutionally it’s wrong morally and it’s wrong politically”  @ alandersh   @ seanhannity   @ dbongino l agree and so does the public !
nasdaq up 722 since our great 2016 election victory ! dow up 558 the best is yet to come !
plus never did anything wrong read the transcripts a democrat hoax ! 
broke all time stock market record again today 135 times since my 2016 election win thank you !
thank you franklin ! 
big thank you to mac thornberry  @ mactxpress for a great defense deal ! mac has been a champion for our military and vets his whole career and now he can add space force to his accomplishments look forward to another great defense bill next year mac !  @ hascrepublicans
we will always provide for our veterans and their mental health i pushed congress to provide $10 billion for vet mental health suicide prevention outreach and funding for my prevents initiative to end vet suicide congress responded a big win for our vets !
to our incredible federal workforce :  
nancy pelosi is looking for a quid pro quo with the senate why aren’t we impeaching her ?
economy is great big stock market uptick today best ranking in 20 years admits cnn ! 
congressman kevin brady  @ bradyfortexas is an outstanding representative for our country and the great state of texas a big supporter of our  # maga agenda
kevin is strong on securing the border  # usmca protecting our  # 2a and loves our vets and military kevin is a true friend and has my complete and total endorsement !
the democrat party’s witch hunt and crazy extreme policies are chasing common sense people out of the dem party that’s why jeff van drew  @ congressmanjvd voted no on the impeachment hoax jeff will be joining our growing republican party
congressman  @ scottrtipton is a great supporter of the  # maga agenda ! he fights for your  # 2a rights and the border wall scott is working hard for colorado and has my complete and total endorsement !
i will be signing our 738 billion dollar defense spending bill today it will include 12 weeks  paid parental leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the space force southern border wall funding repeals “cadillac tax” on health plans raises smoking age to 21 ! big !
i will be signing our 738 billion dollar defense spending bill today it will include 12 weeks  paid parental leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the space force southern border wall funding repeals “cadillac tax” on health plans raises smocking age to 21 ! big
“jesse watters this is the best year any president has ever had plus we get an impeachment”  @ greggutfeld the five  @ fox news 
thank you terrence ! 
thank you anne ! 
thank you michigan i am on my way see everybody soon !  # kag 
“the evidence has to be overwhelming and it is not it’s not even close” ken starr former independent counsel
thank you ! 
“this is all about convicting a president based on innuendo not on the facts even the ukrainian president said there was no pressure !”  @ re pm arkmeadows
thank you ! 
thank you ! 
sean p is a much stronger candidate ! 
out and he’s been amazing at it the democrsts have no message they have no hope for 2020”  @ repdougcollins  @ foxandfriends  thank you doug !
wow ! “in a stunning rebuke of the fbi the fisa court severly chastised the fbi for the fisa abuses brought to light in the recent inspector general’s report there were at least 17 significant errors”  @ fox news  statement by the court was long and tough means my case was a scam !
senator dan sullivan is doing a great job for the people of alaska while supporting our  # maga agenda he fights hard everyday to support our veterans and the military dan is strong on the  # 2a and is 100 projobs i give dan sullivan my complete and total endorsement !
congressman  @ markwaynemullin is a big time  # maga supporter ! markwayne has fought hard for oklahoma veterans and military he loves our farmers and he’s strong on border security i give markwayne my complete and total endorsement !
congresswoman kay  @ grangercampaign has worked hard for texas and been a strong supporter of our  # maga agenda she’s strong on  # 2a and securing our border and is 100 prolife kay has my complete and total endorsement !
senator josh hawley rmo “they the dems don’t have anything this whole thing is a joke and it’s time to get the president exonerated the house has no evidence of any impeachable offense there’s nothing there and they didn’t even charge a crime they’ve had their
chance they’ve had their kangaroo court they’ve had their circus for weeks and months there just isn’t anything there and there’s no way i’m voting for impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses”  @ ingrahamangle
thank you devin great reflexes ! 
thank you cc ! 
“the american people see through it” 
energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the wall going up china confronted the caliphate defeated nafta renegotiated our military rebuilt nato paying more regulations costing lessand much more this is why they’re
energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the wall going up china confronted the caliphate defeated nafta renegotiated our militsry rebuilt nato paying more regulations costing lessand much more this is why they’re
approval rating in republican party  95 a record ! overall approval rating  51 think of where i’d be without the never ending 24 hour a day phony witch hunt that started 3 years ago !
the  @ foxnewpolls always inaccurate are heavily weighted toward dems so ridiculous  same thing happened in 2016 they got it all wrong get a new pollster !
“there is no bribery or any crime at all alleged in the articles of impeachment this is a first in the history of our country”  @ judgejeanine  @ re pm ikejohnson
crooked hillary caught again she is a total train wreck ! 
schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong based on the ig report ! a very big lie  @ mariabartiromo and  @ devinnunes has turned out to be completely right congratulations to devin the fake  news  media should apologize to all !
incredible young strong and brilliant people army/navy ! 
the last time i spoke to debbie dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband long time congressman john dingell now i watch her ripping me as part of the democrats impeachment hoax really pathetic !
on my way to the  # armynavygame in philadelphia pennsylvania ! 
“there are 31 house democrats in trump won congressional districts those dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020 if you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim president zelensky said there was
“independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the democrats” congressman michael waltz florida
“there are 31 house democrats in trump won congressional districts those dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020 if you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim president zelensky said there was
25 million evangelical christians are not registered to vote we are working hard to get them registered !  @ robertjeffress  @ loudobbs
“the fbi declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in russia fisa case despite 17 acts of misconduct there is nothing noble about their leadership fisa court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent”  @ loudobbs
congratulations to  @ foxandfriends on being named by far the number one rated cable  news  show cnn and msnbc have totally tanked their ratings are terrible they have zero credibility !
“all of our presidents would be impeached under this rogue house of democrat leadership”  @ marklevinshow
my approval rating in the republican party is 95 a record thank you !  # 2020election
“last night house judiciary chairman jerry nadler admitted that democrats are pursuing impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the american people pick the next president in 2020”  @ kilmeade   @ fox news 
“i think it’s obvious to all the american public that this is a railroad job !”  @ jimpressoffice 
antifa will not be going after bryce or  @ colbycovmma anytime soon they much prefer people who can’t fight back ! 
i agree ! 
congratulations to judge lawrence vandyke on being confirmed to the ninth circuit great job !
very sad ! 
what a great evening ! 
thank you ! 
a fantastic night in pennsylvania ! 
great deal for usa ! 
so ridiculous greta must work on her anger management problem then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend ! chill greta chill ! 
“new polls say most americans oppose impeachment”  @ foxandfriends  i did nothing wrong this will be the first impeachment ever where there was no crime they don’t even allege a crime crazy !
wow ! all of our priorities have made it into the final ndaa :  pay raise for our troops rebuilding our military paid parental leave border security and space force ! congress – don’t delay this anymore ! i will sign this historic defense legislation immediately !
just had a very good meeting with foreign minister sergey lavrov and representatives of russia discussed many items including trade iran north korea inf treaty nuclear arms control and election meddling look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future ! 
read the transcripts ! “us” is a reference to usa not me !
a great choice bill is a winner ! 
read the transcripts !
america first ! 
cnn is a ratings disaster lost all credibility ! 
“this would be the first impeachment in american history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed” paul gigot the wall street journal
“i think the democrats are going to lose many members over this”  @ debbielesko  @ edhenry
great ! 
don’t get why  @ fox news  puts losers on like  @ repswalwell who got zero as presidential candidate before quitting pramila jayapal david cicilline and others who are radical left haters ? the dems wouldn’t let  @ fox news  get near their bad ratings debates yet fox panders pathetic !
 @ sentedcruz  “the democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime they can’t prove a law was violated and here’s why any president any administration is justified in investigating corruption and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning hunter
biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in ukraine getting paid $83000 a month 10 times as much as a board member of  @ exxonmobil” thank you ted he also  made a fortune from china and others but zero before his father became vp  @ meetthepress
with the us presidential election in november north korea under the leadership of kim jong un has tremendous economic potential but it must denuclearize as promised nato china russia japan and the entire world is unified on this issue !
 @ kimstrassel “schiff’s surveillance obtaining phone logs is an unprecedented abuse of power”  to put it mildly also it is illegal !
the united states secret service deputy assistant director anthony ornato will become my new deputy chief of staff for operations i have worked with tony for 3 years  he will do a fantastic job ! thank you to dan walsh for his great service and congratulations to tony !
fake  news   @ cnn is reporting that i am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings” this is totally false information and reporting i haven’t had a personal cell phone for years only use government approved and issued phones retract !
nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify ! zero substance—country wants  # usmca and growth not impeachment polls have tanked on the do nothing democrats !
great work yesterday by the senate to support our historically black colleges and universities ! thank you  @ betsydevosed  @ senalexander and  @ senatortimscott for your leadership
will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and evergrowing organizations !
 @ jimcramer “this is the best number i’ve ever seen in my life”
great jobs report !
enjoyed my meeting with prime minister  @ borisjohnson of the united kingdom at  @ 10downingstreet last night talked about numerous subjects including  @ nato and trade
thank you ! 
in the 3 decades before my election nato spending declined by twothirds and only 3 other nato members were meeting their financial obligations since i took office the number of nato allies fulfilling their obligations more than doubled and nato spending increased by $130b !
great job by  @ repdougcollins of georgia over the weekend in representing the republican party and myself against the impeachment hoax !
thank you to congressman ben  @ cline4virginia for the great remarks this morning on the illegitimate impeachment hoax he understands the do nothing democrats very well also and as usual  @ repandybiggsaz was fantastic !
“the democrats don’t have any evidence but they are still going to do it anyway that’s the sham that’s going on here”   @ jasoninthehouse chaffetz
“the united states has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion i don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that” mohamed elerian allianz chief economic adviser but despite this there is tremendous potential for growth far greater than most have understood !
“the process has been unfair republicans can’t even get their own witnesses it gets me that adam schiff is not punishable for lying in any way”  @ mariabartiromo
“it is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that speaker pelosi said for months was essential for impeachment” chris wallace  @ fox news 
“donald trump was framed back in 2016”  @ mariabartiromo  100 correct maria and we can never let this happen to another president again !
“schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when congress must do real work” 
an incredible experience ! 
nancy pelosi won’t put it up for a vote has delayed it for 6 months see you in  # 2020 ! 
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
new stock market record today again congratulations usa !
i will always protect our great warfighters i’ve got your backs !
another new stock market record enjoy !
“the democrats are getting hit and slammed on impeachment it is getting less and less popular by the day”  @ kilmeade  @ foxandfriends
“president trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness” sam dewey
i was not pleased with the way that navy seal eddie gallagher’s trial was handled by the navy he was treated very badly but despite this was completely exonerated on all major charges i then restored eddie’s rank likewise large cost overruns from past administration’s
democrats going back to their districts for thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony impeachment scam republicans will have a great  # 2020 election !
the impeachment scam is driving republican poll numbers up up up ! thank you shifty
the unspoken truth :  what impeachment exposed about trump and 2020 
polls have now turned very strongly against impeachment especially in swing states 75 to 25 thank you !
navy seal eddie gallagher will be on  @ foxandfriends this morning at 7 : 30 am have no fear all will end well for everyone !
95 approval rate in the republican party a record ! thank you !
any direct evidence that president trump did anything impeachable no one heard him order a quid pro quo no one offered a convincing reason why trump’s interest in having ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants impeachment “i want no quid pro quo” ambassador
brennan too and the whistleblower also worked for susan rice it’s an understatement to say that this is a witch hunt”  @ ingrahamangle  they spied on my campaign !
joe concha the hill :  “in emerson college poll impeachment among independents 49 oppose 34 support you see why pelosi is reluctant to go in with this dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on opioid crisis drug prices usmca the border etc
“the support for impeachment is not there i think the democrats will have to come up with a new game plan”  @ jasoninthehouse  @ fox news 
pelosi and her do nothing democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick fewer cures ! fewer treatments ! time for the democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends this morning at 8 : 00 am i know that there’s not much to talk about but we will try to keep the conversation going enjoy !  @ stevedoocy  @ ainsleyearhardt  @ kilmeade
read the two transcripts of ukrainian calls !
if this were a prizefight they’d stop it !
today i opened a major apple manufacturing plant in texas that will bring high paying jobs back to america today nancy pelosi closed congress because she doesn’t care about american workers !
”i want nothing ! i want nothing ! i want no quid pro quo ! tell president zelensky to do the right thing !” later ambassador sondland said that i told him “good go tell the truth !” this witch hunt must end now so bad for our country !
“white house confidence grows as hearings wear on”  @ washtimes  this is just an attempted takedown of the republican party by the do nothing democrats it will never work  # 2020
the three year hoax continues ! 
read the transcripts ! 
thank you tennessee ! 
congressman van drew dnj :  we’ve spent millions of dollars in my opinion tons of money tons of time tons of hurt fracturing the nation apart i haven’t seen this to be a good thing”
nasdaq up 27 this year alone !
nancy pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide trump’s fate”  @ fox news   in other words she thinks i’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide like al green she wants to change our voting system wow she’s crazy !
“all they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything”  @ katrinapierson  @ stevehiltonx  nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls and the statement of no pressure put out by ukraine !
i agree katrina pam bondi is a great woman ! 
a big difference ! 
 @ mariabartiromo has a great show going on right now 10 : 00 am fantastic guests talk about the fake impeachment fox news 
dowd never understood the pulse of the republican party present or past he’s just a 3rd rate hit job for fake  news   @ abc ! 
a new republican star is born great going  @ elisestefanik ! 
louisiana 3 hours left get out and vote for  @ eddierispone for governor lower taxes and much more !
“triggered” a great book by my son don now number one on  @ nytimes list keep it there for a while !
louisiana vote  @ eddierispone today ! he will be a great governor !
stock market up big new and historic record job jobs jobs !
we continue to monitor the terrible events at saugus high school in santa clarita california through our ongoing communications with local state and federal authorities
that the house democrats have done since she’s become speaker other than chase donald trump” this impeachment hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our country !
“that hearing was about a policy dispute” robert ray “regular people watching this cannot conclude that the president of the united states can be impeached”  @ varneyco
walmart announces great numbers no impact from tariffs which are contributing $billions to our treasury inflation low do you hear that powell ? !
wow ! was just told that my son’s book “triggered” is number one on the new york times bestseller list congratulations don !
read the transcript !
the democrats have stacked the deck against president trump and the republicans they have leaked out everything  @ stevedoocy  @ foxandfriends
daca recipients with arrest records :  53792 ! that is a very large proportion of the total  @ loudobbs  not good but we will be able to make a deal with the dems !
a total impeachment scam by the do nothing democrats ! 
“this isn’t about ukraine this isn’t about impeachment this is about subverting democracy !”  @ billoreilly so true and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves and must hate our country !
want that to be an impeachable offense ? good luck with that !”  @ jessebwatters  @ fox news 
“he is not a whistleblower he is a deepstater let the president do the job he was elected to do”  @ judgejeanine
great ! 
thank you terrence ! 
thank you lee and david ! 
bringing the word “nationalism” back into the mainstream  great job by rich lowry ! very important book 
stock market up big today a new record enjoy !
“what did hunter biden do for the money ?”  @ senjohnkennedy  a very good question he and sleepy joe must testify !
read the transcript !
the story in the amazon washington post of course picked up by fake  news  cnn saying “president trump asked for ag barr to host a  news  conference clearing him on ukraine” is totally untrue and just another fake  news  story with anonymous sources that don’t exist
a great evening last night in kentucky and mississippi for the republican party with 13 big wins including a governorship in mississippi congratulations to everyone ! 
also talked about their border with syria the eradication of terrorism the ending of hostilities with the kurds and many other topics look forward to seeing president erdogan next wednesday november 13th at the  @ whitehouse !
thank you to kurt volker us envoy to ukraine who said in his congressional testimony just released “you asked what conversations did i have about that quid pro quo et cetra none because i didn’t know there was a quid pro quo”  witch hunt !
“based on the things i’ve seen the democrats have no case or a weak case at best i don’t think there are or will be well founded articles of impeachment here” robert wray respected former prosecutor it is a phony scam by the do nothing dems !  @ foxandfriends
based on the kentucky results mitch mcconnell  @ senatemajldr will win big in kentucky next year !
great going tate ! 
our big kentucky rally on monday night had a massive impact on all of the races the increase in governors race was at least 15 points and maybe 20 ! will be in louisiana for  @ eddierispone on wednesday night big rally !
congratulations to  @ tatereeves on winning governor of the great state of mississippi our big rally on friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big win great reaction under pressure tate !
 # electionnight  won 5 out of 6 elections in kentucky including 5 great candidates that i spoke for and introduced last night  @ mattbevin picked up at least 15 points in last days but perhaps not enough fake  news  will blame trump ! winning in mississippi governor race !
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you ! 
kentucky !  # kygov  get out today and vote for  @ mattbevin and the entire republican ticket !  mississippi !  # msgov  get out today and vote for  @ tatereeves and the entire republican ticket !polls are open for a few more hours find your location below ! 
kentucky !  get out today and vote for  @ mattbevin and the entire republican ticket !  mississippi !  get out today and vote for  @ tatereeves and the entire republican ticket !  # voteonnov5  # electionday find your polling location below !
find your polling location here ! 
my son  @ donaldjtrumpjr is coming out with a new book “triggered :  how the left thrives on hate and wants to silence us” – available tomorrow november 5th ! a great new book that i highly recommend for all to read go order it today !
read the transcript !
stock market hits record high spend your money well !
“there is no whistleblower there is someone with an agenda against donald trump what he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen we have the transcript of the call this is all a farce and no republican should forget that”  @ dbongino  @ foxandfriends
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
louisiana get out and vote early for  @ eddierispone as your next governor lower taxes and car insurance will protect your 2nd amendment john bel edwards is always fighting our maga agenda wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky vote for republican eddie r !
 @ marklevinshow mark levin :  “we ought to talk about the substance of this phone call we have the call i don’t know what we need witnesses for ? can’t we read english ? do i need a whistleblower to tell me what i’m reading ? do i need a lt c to tell me ? no” so plain and simple !
good point ! 
the angry majority !
great fight champ ! 
didn’t he pick the whistleblower ? 
tate reeves will be a great governor of mississippi and what an electric rally last night vote for tate on tuesday ! 
a great new book by howie carr “what really happened how donald j trump saved america from hillary clinton” is on sale now howie is a talented new england force who was there at the very beginning !
the whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the ukrainian president was so inaccurate fraudulent ? why did the whistleblower deal with corrupt politician shifty adam schiff and/or his committee ?
you can’t impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong !
oh no beto just dropped out of race for president despite him saying he was “born for this” i don’t think so !
louisiana ! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cities high taxes and open borders he is crushing louisiana’s economy and your second amendment rights
louisiana i’ll see you tonight big rally for eddie r he will be a great governor early voting starts !  @ eddierispone
“the democrats are so immersed in this scam they couldn’t care less about the american people !”  @ rushlimbaugheib
wow a blowout jobs number just out adjusted for revisions and the general motors strike 303000 this is far greater than expectations usa rocks !
“this is the biggest most disgusting scandal and it’s all on the democrat  party that has highjacked the impeachment process our tax dollars the house of representatives to push their 2020 election that’s what’s going on”  @ marklevinshow  cannot be said any better !
“it has been 3 years and donald trump hasn’t done anything wrong donald trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused”  @ rushlimbaugheib   @ seanhannity  a witch hunt like no other !
a great place ! 
thank you ! 
the greatest witch hunt in american history !
the impeachment hoax is hurting our stock market the do nothing democrats don’t care !
read the transcript !
to any president of either party again laura  @ ingrahamangle
congratulations to the washington nationals on a great season and an incredible world series game 7 was amazing !  @ nationals
your current governor john bel edwards has done a poor job with economic develo pm ent last in nation and auto insurance highest in nation wants to raise your taxes big  vote for eddie starting saturday !
thank you  @ gm  @ fiatchryslerna  @ toyota and  @ globlautomkrs for standing with us for better cheaper safer cars for americans california has treated the auto industry very poorly for many years harming workers and consumers we are fixing this problem ! 
the united states military congress needs to do its work we need to fund our armed forces”   @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell  the dems are a lost cause in 2020 we need a big beautiful win all three !  # maga
“precisely the same program that the democrats are trying to  impeach president trump for supposedly slow walking tomorrow right here in the senate they the dems say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program”  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell do nothing democrats !
“it does appear it has to do with nancy pelosi retaining her speakership in the next congress she would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants”  @ stevedoocy  @ foxandfriends  a disgraceful use of impeachment will backfire !
consumer confidence number very good housing sales in september up nicely economy rocks !
95 approval rating in the republican party a record thank you !
where’s the whistleblower ? just read the transcript everything else is made up garbage by shifty schiff and the never trumpers !
“this is a big win for america and also for president trump”  @ nypost
can you believe that shifty adam schiff the biggest leaker in dc and a corrupt politician is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the  # 1 terrorist in the world ! ? wouldn’t be surprised if the do nothing democrats impeach me over that ! drain the swamp ! !
thank you to  @ martharaddatz and  @ terrymoran for a job well done ! 
as diwali commences  @ flotus melania and i wish those observing the festival of lights a blessed and happy celebration !  # happydiwali 
matt has my complete and total endorsement and always has get out and vote on november 5th for your great governor  @ mattbevin !
he loves our military and supports our vets ! democrat jim hood will never give us his vote is antitrump and procrooked hillary get out and vote for tate reeves on november 5th he has my complete and total endorsement !
louisiana ! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cities high taxes and open borders he is crushing louisiana’s economy and your second amendment rights
my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great country find a location today from 10am2 pm  at 
“not a single american citizen has been charged with anything related to russian collusion not one person”  @ tuckercarlson  it was all an illegal witch hunt !
“general michael flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that fbi agents manipulated records against him they say that james clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at flynn this has been a complete setup of michael flynn
my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great country find a location tomorrow october 26th from 10am2 pm  at 
great book ! 
my lawyers should sue the democrats and shifty adam schiff for fraud !
i appreciate the support of senator  @ lindseygraham  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and their great senate republican colleagues on the resolution condemning the do nothing democrats for their witch hunt impeachment inquiry behind closed doors
it was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 second step presidential justice forum hosted by the 20/20 bipartisan justice center in south carolina and my true honor to receive the bipartisan justice award thank you ! 
heading to south carolina ! 
don’t hurt them please ! 
just a continuation of the witch hunt ! 
never trumper republican john bellinger represents never trumper diplomat bill taylor who i don’t know in testimony before congress ! do nothing democrats allow republicans zero representation zero due process and zero transparency
big success on the turkey/syria border safe zone created ! ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us captured isis prisoners secured i will be making a statement at 11 : 00 am from the white house thank you !
feel empowered there’s a movement happening on these campuses like i’ve never seen before when you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in that’s pretty remarkable !”   @ charliekirk11 turning point usa   keep america great !
neither he taylor or any other witness has provided testimony that the ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld you can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo” congressman john ratcliffe  @ foxandfriends where is the whistleblower ? the do nothing dems case is dead !
thank you steve ! 
the witch hunt continues ! 
wrong never even discussed this with kellyanne conway or steve mnuchin just more fake  news  ! 
wrong never even discussed this with kellyanne conway ot steve mnuchin just more fake  news  ! 
“the democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support donald trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 election”  @ mzhemingway  @ foxandfriends
can’t believe that nervous nancy pelosi isn’t moving faster on usmca her people want it they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote taking too long !
95 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
thank you republicans 185 out of 185 present voted for “us” last night really good !
 @ kilmeade   “i want to know about hillary clinton with the dossier ? i want to know if there was fisa abuse ? we’re still waiting for that report !”  @ ainsleyearhardt   @ foxandfriends
a majority do not want him impeached and removed from office 94 of the people in these battleground states who voted for president trump want him to continue as president that’s squarely in his corner”  @ stevedoocy “that’s a revealing poll don’t you think that matters ?”
“i thought a very revealing poll was done by the new york times by about a 10 point margin those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the president and if nancy pelosi doesn’t take note of that maybe she is the third rate politician”  @ kilmeade  @ foxandfriends
“the ambassador to the european union has already testified he said there was no quid pro quo he said the president had told him that”  @ kilmeade   @ foxandfriends
thank you liz shows great republican support ! 
thank you dan and kevin great vote ! 
censure at least corrupt adam schiff ! after what he got caught doing any pol who does not so vote cannot be honestare you listening dems ?
great new book by wonderful and very street smart author dan bongino exonerated the failed takedown of president donald trump by the swamp dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest witch hunt in political history nevertheless the scam continues !
“the ceasefire is holding up very nicely there are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly new areas being resettled with kurds us soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone we have secured the oil” mark esper secretary of defense ending endless wars !
mark esperanto secretary of defense “the ceasefire is holding up very nicely there are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly new areas being resettled with the kurds” usa soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones we have secured the oil bringing soldiers home !
so now crooked hillary is at it again ! she is calling congresswoman tulsi gabbard “a russian favorite” and jill stein “a russian asset” as you may have heard i was called a big russia lover also actually i do like russian people i like all people ! hillary’s gone crazy !
crooked hillary clinton just called the respected environmentalist and green party candidate jill stein a “russian asset” they need a green party more than ever after looking at the democrats disastrous environmental program !
just another fake suppression poll this time from  @ fox news  of course ! 
“i don’t see anything that constitutes an impeachable offense  nothing here rises to the level of impeachment the democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy” kenn starr former special prosecutor
i agree ! 
texas is great ! 
there has never been a greater fraud on congress shifty schiff is corrupt go andy ! 
pelosi and impeachment  there have already been 3 votes and they’ve all failed miserably here’s why there may not be a fourth  137 democrats voted against on the last vote”  @ jasonchaffetz   @ seanhannity  many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020 !
“because the house has already voted against the impeachment proceeding the current inquiry is totally invalid the current sham of a socalled investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab it needs to end”   @ jasonchaffetz   @ seanhannity  corrupt adam schiff
the usa ! 
democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders lateterm abortion socialism and blatant corruption the republican party is the party of the american worker the american family and the american dream !  # kag2020 
tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the democrat party the fake  news  media and the rogue bureaucrats of the deep state the only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on november 3 2020 !  # kag2020 
see you soon dallas texas ! 
great  news  out of turkey  news  conference shortly with  @ vp and  @ secpompeo thank you to  @ rterdogan millions of lives will be saved !
as the witch hunt continues ! 
the greatest witch hunt in american history ! 
thank you you dallas texas see you tomorrow night at the american airlines center !  # trump2020 
the do nothing democrats pelosi and schumer stormed out of the cabinet room ! 
“what is happening to president trump with impeachment is a constitutional travesty”  @ grahamledger  the likes of which we have never seen before it is adam schiff and nancy pelosi who should be impeached for fraud !
a great group of champions ! 
he loves our military and supports our vets ! get out and vote for tate reeves on november 5th he has my complete and total endorsement !
hunter biden was really bad on  @ gma now sleepy joe has real problems ! reminds me of crooked hillary and her 33000 deleted emails not recoverable !
it doesn't speak for the full house because the full house hasn't spoken the democrat party is pushing this impeachment this is a democrat party impeachment as i have been saying a silent coup effort  @ marklevinshow 
the democrat party has hijacked the house of representatives  @ marklevinshow 
america first !
will be looking into the scott hapgood case and the island of anguilla something looks and sounds very wrong i know anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved !  @ foxandfriends  @ steveducey   @ ainsleyearhardt
democrat’s game was foiled when we caught schiff fraudulently making up my ukraine conversation when i released the exact conversation transcript and when ukrainian president and the foreign minister said there was no pressure very normal talk ! a total impeachment scam !
“serial killers get more due process than the democrats give to the president of the united states”  @ marklevinshow
where’s hunter ? he has totally disappeared ! now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries ! media is awol
a despicable human being ! 
the governor of louisiana john bel edwards has done a poor job now he is in a runoff with a great republican  @ eddierispone thank you louisiana ! 66 down to 47 after i explained what a bad job the governor was doing
the endless wars must end !
start thinking about getting bigger tractors ! 
other aspects of the deal are also great  technology financial services 1620 billion in boeing planes etc but wow the farmers really hit pay dirt !  @ chuckgrassley  @ joniernst  @ debfisher  @ bensasse  thank you to all republicans in congress for your invaluable help !
the case of major mathew golsteyn is now under review at the white house mathew is a highly decorated green beret who is being tried for killing a taliban bombmaker we train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill !  @ petehegseth
louisiana — tomorrow you will head to the polls and vote to replace liberal democrat john bel edwards with a great new republican governor ! get out and vote for either  @ docabraham or  @ eddierispone both great ! 
“i never saw so many subpoenas !”  @ shannonbream   @ fox news   the democrats have gone crazy just read the transcript or listen to the new ukraine president’s statement no pressure ! this is a democrat con job impeach schiff for fraud !
just landed in louisiana ! vote against john bel edwards he has the worst jobs record in the united states louisiana will do much better by electing a republican see everyone soon !  @ lagop 
really good  news  ! 
the do nothing democrats thanks vicky ! 
do you believe this ?  a total scam ! 
a great evening in beautiful minnesota ! 
a great evening in minneapolis minnesota with incredible american patriots thank you ! 
the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginning the process for full oecd membership the united states stands by that statement and stands by  @ jairbolsonaro this article is fake  news  ! 
the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginning the process for full oecd membership the united states stands by that statement and stands by   @ jairbolsonaro this article is fake  news  ! 
where is hunter biden ? he has disappeared while the fake  news  protects his crooked daddy ! 
“ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky told reporters thursday his controversial july call with president trump involved no bribe blackmail or quid pro quo as impeachmentminded democrats claim” this should immediately end the talk of impeachment ! 
“i don’t think it’s a whistleblower at all i think this is an anonymous source for the democratic staff in the house of representatives this is an insult to real whistleblowers actual whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended” john kiriakou   @ tuckercarlson
crooked hillary should try it again ! 
adam schiff is a disgrace to our country ! 
so amazing ! 
wow just breaking :  “the big deal whistleblower had a ‘professional tie’ to 2020 democratic candidate” washington examiner  @ byronyork  in other words was working with someone who was potentially running against me why wasn’t this reported by the icig ? a witch hunt scam !
radical left dem mayor of minneapolis jacob frey is doing everything possible to stifle free speech despite a record sellout crowd at the target center presidents clinton and obama paid almost nothing ! the minneapolis police have been incredible
to see importantly ambassador sondland’s tweet which few report stated “i believe you are incorrect about president trump’s intentions the president has been crystal clear :  no quid pro quo’s of any kind” that says it all !
the lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters 72000 ticket requests already dump frey and omar ! make america great again ! 
adam should be impeached ! 
great book ! 
“there are no felonies there are no impeachable offenses the constitution’s very clear that you need bribery treason or other high crimes and misdemeanors you can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case”  @ alandersh dershowitz  @ seanhannity  a scam !
doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the trump tax cut” stephen moore freedomworks  that means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that americans have right now because of president trump !
heritage foundation “these numbers are blockbusters just since donald trump took office median family incomrs are up over $4100 in 8 years under president obama they only went up $1000 in one third the time president trump has increased incomes 4 times as much and that
“ig :  declassified information contradicts the whistleblower”  @ foxandfriends  but why are people surprised ? the “partisan” whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect “no pressure” call with the ukrainian president bring in another whistleblower from the bench !
democrat lawyer is same for both whistleblowers ? all support obama and crooked hillary witch hunt ! 
going to louisiana on friday night for a big republican rally keep democrat governor edwards under 50 force a runoff and have a great new republican governor ! voting on saturday information for rally to follow
so crooked hillary clinton can delete and acid wash 33000 emails after getting a subpoena from the united states congress but i can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the president of ukraine ? witch hunt !
no kevin jeff flake is better ! 
this is the real story !  @ greggjarrett 
new extreme dems now running the party ! 
too bad ! 
great book ! 
“exenvoy testified ukraine or the president of ukraine never raised quid pro quo concerns with him :  source”  @ seanhannity  @ fox news   the president of ukraine also stated that he was not pressured by me in any way end of case !
along with pelosi and her boss aoc the do nothing democrat “leader” 
“adam schiff’s connection to the whistleblower is coming to light”  @ fox news   these facts and others make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward ! schiff has also committed a crime perhaps treason in making up a horrible statement and reading
“when your making an unsubstantiated charge that the president of the united states is making a request having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statementthe ambassador put a dagger in the heart of schiffs fairytale”  rep lee zeldin  @ fox news 
at the request of  @ senthomtillis i have declared a major disaster for the great state of north carolina to help with damages from hurricane dorian assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever ! thom loves nc and so do i !
“the witness was asked at least 20 times and there definitely was no quid pro quo”   @ re pm arkmeadows  @ fox news   their whole case was built around this now they no longer mention !
breaking  news  :  unemployment rate at 35 drops to a 50 year low wow america lets impeach your president even though he did nothing wrong !
the washington times “ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into democrat accusations republicans at hearing find no trump pressure” the ukrainian president also strongly stated that no pressure was put on him case closed !
nancy pelosi today on  @ gma actually said that adam schiffty schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before congress she either had no idea what she was saying in other words lost it or she lied even clinton lover  @ gstephanopoulos strongly called her out sue her ?
“they do nothing dems are trying to nullify an election” joe digenova 
great job jim ! 
aoc is a wack job ! 
blowing massive holes inside of the theory the narrative that chairman schiff has been providing to the public  @ repleezeldin 
“it was just a congenial phone call but its become so big i’ve never seen the media work so hard with so little”  @ greggutfeld  @ fox news   witch hunt !
thank you  @ jennaellisrives really well done ! 
“this is yet again an example of democrats projecting their criminal acts on president trump president trump is an innocent man it is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected president”  @ replouiegohmert  @ breitbart news 
schiff is a lowlife who should resign at least ! 
thank you hugh ! 
great job richard ! 
“the ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by  @ fox news  show that a former ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to hunter biden”  @ mariabartiromo  does anyone other than fake  news  protectors have a doubt ?
democrats want to steal the election !  # kag2020 
look at this photograph ! 
“nancy pelosi and the democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment they have to be very careful here” jeanne zaino  @ fox news 
a nancy pelosi/chuck schumer democrat john bel edwards who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to make america great again don’t be fooled john bel edwards will never be for us early voting has already started !  @ lagop
“the congratulatory phone call with the ukrainian president was perfect unless you heard liddle’ adam schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call this is just another fake  news  media together with their partner the democrat party hoax !
congratulations to president xi and the chinese people on the 70th anniversary of the people’s republic of china !
thank you ! 
“he misled rep adam schiff millions of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment completely fabricated account out of thin air !”  @ millerstream  @ blazetv 
my great friend  @ re pm arkmeadows has been an excellent chairman of the house  @ freedomcaucus which has been a tremendous success i am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor starting tuesday and strong leader  @ repandybiggsaz !
big  news  by  @ hyundai  @ kia and  @ aptiv on a 4 billion dollar joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the usa that’s a lot of $$ and jobs ! great jobs coming back to america ! !
navistar will be building a new 250 million dollar truck factory in san antonio with 600 new jobs congratulations san antonio and texas ! america makes the greatest trucks in the world ! 
it was my great honor to attend this mornings welcome ceremony for the 20th chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general mark milley ! 
they made this whole thing up impeachment is also a preemptive strike for what they think is coming on the obama administration’s handling of the 2016 election” jim mclaughlin highly respected pollster  @ washtimes  @ fox news 
who changed the long standing whistleblower rules just before submittal of the fake whistleblower report ? drain the swamp !
“china trade turmoil :  china urging a calm and rational solution”  @ mariabartiromo  @ foxbusiness china is doing very poorly while the usa under your favorite president’s leadership continues to soar to new heights  and despite the do nothing democrats we have just begun !
“state department has stepped up hillary clinton email probe”  @ foxandfriends  you mean the 33000 emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found even though she said that all 33000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding and her yoga !
we are going to have an election very shortly” rep jeff van drew democrat of new jersey  @ foxandfriends  thank you just another witch hunt by nancy pelosi and the do nothing democrats !
investigating corruption is correct ! 
so great mark ! 
will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 trump type districts we will win big ! 
the fake  news  doesn’t dare mention the corrupt democrats ! 
keep america great !
thank you to general mcmaster just more fake  news  ! 
i am draining the swamp ! 
“it was a perfect conversation with ukraine president !”
to show you how dishonest the lamestream media is i used the word liddle’ not liddle in discribing corrupt congressman liddle’ adam schiff low ratings  @ cnn purposely took the hyphen out and said i spelled the word little wrong a small but never ending situation with cnn !
will be a great and very accurate show tonight by  @ seanhannity on  @ fox news  9 : 00  pm  will play my full statement from air force one !
adam schiff has zero credibility another fantasy to hurt the republican party !
“is there a case for impeachment ? absolutely not ! there is no high crime or misdemeanor no crime no extortion no treason” robert ray   @ fox news 
“is their a case for impeachment ? absolutely not !” there is no high crimes or misdemeanors no treason no extortion no treason” rd robert ray respected
thank you jim ! 
“democrats wrote to the ukrainian government in may 2018 urging it to continue investigations into president donald trump’s alleged collusion with russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found not to exist” 
“he trump has already been suffering from this type of a witch hunt since before his inauguration if it’s not one thing it’s another it’s a disgrace !”  @ pnjaban  @ loudobbs 
pelosi nadler schiff and of course maxine waters ! can you believe this ?
thank you ! 
true a wonderful meeting ! 
“ @ fox news  bombshell information reports that the socalled whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with ukraine’s president” wow !  @ harrisfaulkner it is all a democrat/adam schiff scam ! doing this for 3 years now and found nothing !
94 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
“the very thing that they are accusing president trump of doing which i didn’t do was actually done by joe biden continues to be a double standard”  @ repdevinnunes   @ foxandfriends  these people are stone cold crooked also who is this socalled “whistleblower” who doesn’t
breaking  news  :  the ukrainian government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call sleepy joe biden on the other hand forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to ukraine that’s the real story !
now the fake  news  media says i “pressured the ukrainian president at least 8 times during my telephone call with him” this supposedly comes from a socalled “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said more democrat/crooked media con
the usa loves india ! 
“the  @ nytimes is trying to make someone justice kavanaugh into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up it is a false hoax”  @ mzhemingway  @ mediabuzzfnc  zero people were fired at the times why ?
“they are trying to destroy and influence justice kavanaugh a very good man”  @ lindseygrahamsc  100 correct and they should be fully exposed for what they are !
“the real story involves hunter biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs” peter schweizer  laura ingraham hunter made a fortune in ukraine and in china he knew nothing about energy or anything else
“when someone gets nominated overwhelmingly and then wins the election as he did then he gets to set the national agenda the press is just outrages this  @ nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing i’ve ever seen”  @ edrollins  @ loudobbs  i agree they also lose too much !
“they’re trying to turn what was a biden scandal into a trump scandal”  @ peterschweizer the problem is “trump” did nothing wrong !
“they’re trying to turn what was a biden scandal into a trump scandal”  @ peterscheeizer the problem is “trump” did nothing wrong !
i want to express my gratitude to america’s magnificent  @ flotus for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between ? ?both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage unfailing commitment and unyielding character ! 
the radical left democrats and their fake  news  media partners headed up again by little adam schiff and batting zero for 21 against me are at it again ! they think i may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers
oh no really big political  news  perhaps the biggest story in years ! part time mayor of new york city   @ billdeblasio who was polling at a solid zero but had tremendous room for growth has shocking dropped out of the presidential race nyc is devastated he’s coming home !
nice meeting with mark zuckerberg of  @ facebook in the oval office today 
great progress on the border wall ! 
thank you ! 
jay powell and the federal reserve fail again no “guts” no sense no vision !  a terrible communicator !
iihan omar a member of aoc plus 3 will win us the great state of minnesota the new face of the democrat party ! 
great ! 
thank you corey ! 
the witch hunt is the greatest political scam in us history !  # maga 
as corey lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the house judiciary committee president trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal but they all know that the democrats are hurting our country and getting nothing done shameful !  @ clewandowski   @ foxandfriends
just departed new mexico for california where we are delivering results ! 
”that story kavanaugh is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story”  @ brithume  @ fox news 
if you want to stop the drug smugglers human traffickers and vicious ms13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth you have only one choice — you must elect more republicans !  # kag2020 
beautiful evening in new mexico with great american patriots ! 
keep america great ! 
on my way to new mexico — see you all shortly at the  @ starcenter !  # kag2020 
one my way to new mexico — see you all shortly at the  @ starcenter !  # kag2020 
this afternoon at the  @ whitehouse it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor the presidential medal of freedom to american baseball legend  @ marianorivera congratulations on this extraordinary achievement mo ! 
in a short while i will be presenting the new york  @ yankees  @ marianorivera the greatest relief pitcher closer ! of all time with the presidential medal of freedom in the east room of the  @ whitehouse !
“the new york times walks back report on kavanaugh assault claim”  @ foxandfriends  the one who is actually being assaulted is justice kavanaugh  assaulted by lies and fake  news  ! this is all about the lamestream media working with their partner the dems
producer prices in china shrank most in 3 years due to china’s big devaluation of their currency coupled with monetary stimulus federal reserve not watching ? will fed ever get into the game ? dollar strongest ever ! really bad for exports no inflationhighest interest rates
’these conservative judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come’ said lindsey graham republican of south carolina who leads the judiciary committee and who has been speeding through trump nominees” the entire court system is changing at a record pace !
“we cannot have what happened to this president happen again” joe digenova  “it is time for justice to come barreling in”  @ loudobbs  can you imagine that with everything going on in this world the witch hunt though on a respirator is still whimpering along a disgrace !
plenty of oil !
can’t let brett kavanaugh give radical left democrat liberal plus opinions based on threats of impeaching him over made up stories sound familiar ? false allegations and lies this is the game they play fake and corrupt  news  is working overtime !  # protectkavanaugh
thank you billy ! 
thank you ! 
my great honor ! 
i’m ok with that ! 
keep america great !
“this should have been over with after the mueller report came out”  @ guypbenson  @ fox news 
“dems have never gotten over the fact that president trump won the election !”  @ gopleader mccarthy
thank you brandon ! 
thank you ! 
i had an excellent telephone conversation with andrés manuel lópez obrador president of mexico talking about southern border security and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries
on october 1st we have agreed as a gesture of good will to move the increased tariffs on 250 billion dollars worth of goods 25 to 30 from october 1st to october 15th
big united states supreme court win for the border on asylum ! 
this is a phony suppression poll meant to build up their democrat partners i haven’t even started campaigning yet and am constantly fighting fake  news  like russia russia russia look at north carolina last night dan bishop down big in the polls wins easier than 2016 !
“china suspends tariffs on some us products being hit very hard supply chains breaking up as many companies move or look to move to other countries much more expensive to china than originally thought”  @ cnbc   @ joesquawk
alice  @ alicetweet stewart :  thank you for the nice words while on  @ cnn concerning the two big republican congressional victories you’d be great on a network with much higher ratings keep up the good work !
greg murphy is a big winner in north carolina 03 much bigger margins than originally anticipated congratulations greg !
one down one to go – greg murphy is projected to win in the great state of north carolina !  # nc03
incredible progress being made at the southern border ! 
north carolina vote for dan bishop today we need him badly in washington !
last night in north carolina was incredible ! 
beautiful evening in fayetteville tonight ! big day in north carolina tomorrow make sure you get out and vote for dan bishop in  # nc09 and greg murphy in  # nc03 ! 
thank you fayetteville north carolina ! make sure you get out and vote tomorrow for dan bishop in  # nc09 and greg murphy in  # nc03 ! 
north carolina — vote for dan bishop in  # nc09 and greg murphy in  # nc03 tomorrow make it a great day for republicans !
received an update on air force one at mcas cherry point in north carolina regarding damage caused by hurricane dorian 
departing mcas cherry point in north carolina for fayetteville north carolina this is amazing ! 
speaking to governor  @ henrymcmaster of south carolina on my way to north carolina for a big rally for dan bishop  @ jdanbishop running for congress vote tomorrow !  # nc09 
94 approval rating in the republican party a record thank you !
north carolina vote for dan bishop tomorrow we need him badly in washington ! his opponent is a far left sanctuary cities supporter
congratulations to  @ judgejeanine pirro on having again the number one best selling book !
congratulations to the great jerry west ! 
promises made promises kept ! 
“china is eating the tariffs” billions pouring into usa targeted patriot farmers getting massive dollars from the incoming tariffs ! good jobs numbers no inflationfed china having worst year in decades talks happening good for all !
our great  @ judgejeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller it’s called “radicals resistance and revenge the left’s plot to remake america” it is a fantastic book go get it !  @ foxandfriends
great interview of sarah sanders by  @ foxandfriends she is a terrific person with a great future !
the immigration law institute’s christopher hajec says “the supreme court has to look st whether daca is lawful what they are looking at now is whether trump’s recision of daca is lawful must consider lawfulness of daca itself looks very odd that president trump doesn’t
great job done by  @ govrondesantis  @ senrickscott senator  @ marcorubio and all of the those from florida that were so brilliantly involved including  @ fema  @ uscg law enforcement and first responders thank you all !
really good jobs numbers !
thank you rad  looking great ! 
thank you terrence best employment numbers in history for african americans ! 
1 which country has the largest carbon emission reduction ?america !2 who has dumped the most carbon into the air ?   china !3 91 of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the world health organization’s suggested level   none are in the usa !
4 the us now leads the world in energy productionbut 5 who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water ? america !
6 the democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump don't the democrats care about fighting american poverty ?
7 the badly flawed paris climate agreement protects the polluters hurts americans and cost a fortune not on my watch !8 i want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that !
the truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the fbi we have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country thanks comey !  @ loudobbs “it’s a scandal”  @ alandersh
at the request of senator thom tillis i am getting the north carolina emergency declaration completed and signed tonight hope you won’t need it !
germany and so many other countries have negative interest rates “they get paid for loaning money” and our federal reserve fails to act ! remember these are also our weak currency competitors !
such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter  @ jonkarl of  @ abcworld news  i suggested yesterday at fema that along with florida georgia south carolina and north carolina even alabama could possibly come into play which was true they made a big deal about this
such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter  @ jonathancarl of  @ abcworld news  i suggested yesterday at fema that along with florida georgia south carolina and north carolina even alabama could possibly come into play which was true they made a big deal about this
trade agreement”  @ business  @ chuckgrassley  @ joniernst   @ debfisher  @ bensasse making great progress for our farmers approved e15 year round big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks will be even better for ethanol and we save our small refineries !
trump economics with president trump tariffs are bringing companies back to the usa like he said they would !  @ stevehiltonx
“the last three years of trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change unemployment this year hit a 50 year low with president trump we’ve seen the lowest ever african american and hispanic unemployment the booming trump economy has pushed up workers wages
“they are liars and in my opinion traitors !”  @ loudobbs talking about comey and his dwindling group of friends
adds up to the most ambitious proworker policy agenda this country has ever seen the president promised jobs jobs jobs and that is exactly what he is delivering”  @ stevehiltonx  @ nextrevfnc  @ fox news 
this judge thomas ambro majotity opinion and thank god for a president like donald j trump who will appoint judges like this he will soon have appointed 180 new federal judges not even including two great new supreme court justices”  @ robertjeffress  @ loudobbs
“comey and mccabe and more are dirty cops” joe digenova
just briefed by attorney general barr about the shootings in texas fbi and law enforcement is fully engaged more to follow
“the vindication belongs to the president for firing james comey it was clearly the right thing to do you don’t want an fbi director with jim comey’s ethics” jason riley wall street journal
being scolded by failed former “intelligence” officials like james clapper on my condolences to iran on their failed rocket launch sadly for the united states guys like him comey and the even dumber john brennan don’t have a clue they really set our country back
dan will be great ! 
i was right about comey crooked cop !
a great team working hard ! 
“the ig found that james comey leaked classified documents to his attorneys which can be is a violation of the espionage act this is consistent with all the lies that comey has been spreading  @ greggjarrett   @ byronyork  @ loudobbs
nobody works harder or smarter than joni ! 
i am monitoring hurricane dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates it is important to heed the directions of your state and local officials this is an extremely dangerous storm please prepare and be safe !  @ fema  @ nws  @ noaa  @ readygov  @ flsert 
pass the laugh test and the inspector general just knocked that down”  @ byronyork   @ loudobbs
just arrived at camp david !
“one of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official…when you read this report…this is a systematic effort to go after candidate trump president electtrump and president trumpyou could virtually call this an attempted coup  @ reppeteking 
the united states of america was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the safir slv launch at semnan launch site one in iran i wish iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at site one 
we don’t have a tariff problem we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players we have a fed problem they don’t have a clue !
establishment of the us space command ! 
and by the way i’m the best thing that’s ever happened to puerto rico !
“the infestation of bedbugs at the new york times office”  @ oann  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist bret stephens a conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do ! he is now quitting twitter after being called a “bedbug” tough guy !
looking forward to being with dan bishop in two weeks in north carolina his opponent believes in open borders and sanctuary cities and won’t protect your second amendment ! 
 @ judgejeanine pirro is following up her  # 1 best seller with another book that is destined to also be  “radicals resistance and revenge :  the left's plot to remake america” out today go get it !
wow ! yet another big storm heading to puerto rico will it ever end ? congress approved 92 billion dollars for puerto rico last year an all time record of its kind for “anywhere”
no bedbugs at doral the radical left democrats upon hearing that the perfectly located for the next g7 doral national miami was under consideration for the next g7 spread that false and nasty rumor not nice !
thank you mark ! 
just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend prime minister  @ narendramodi of india at the  # g7summit in biarritz france ! 
very productive meeting with angela merkel the chancellor of the federal republic of germany at the  # g7summit in biarritz france ! 
all trump haters and lovers must watch thank you steve hilton ! 
thank you katie ! 
congratulations to louisiana’s champions see you at the white house ! 
thank you eric so true ! 
usmca make it bipartisan everybody wants it ! 
happy birthday regis a truly special man !
the media is destroying the free press ! mark levin so true !
thank you both sooo nice ! 
such a sad and pathetic fall for  @ cnn and jeff z ! 
other good polls also in fifties despite only fake  news  and then phony polls by ap cnn nbc and as always fox who were way off on 2016 election ! 
thank you ivanka really amazing ! 
highest condolences ! thank you vp 
great going harris ! 
thank you to  @ diamondandsilk for the really nice words and thoughts on  @ loudobbs tonight hosted by lou’s friend  @ davidasmanfox great job by all ps check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in nyc at the marriott marquis hotel broadway have fun !
unfair trading relationship china should not have put new tariffs on 75 billion dollars of united states product politically motivated ! starting on october 1st the 250 billion dollars of goods and products from china currently being taxed at 25 will be taxed at 30
additionally the remaining 300 billion dollars of goods and products from china that was being taxed from september 1st at 10 will now be taxed at 15 thank you for your attention to this matter !
94 approval rating within the  republican party thank you !
congratulations to the great bob cousy ! 
check out a fantastic new book “still winning – why america went all in on donald trumpand why we must do it again” by the great writer  @ charleshurt an excellent read thank you !
the legendary henry ford and alfred p sloan the founders of ford motor company and general motors are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good and cost $3000 more to consumers crazy !
“tax cuts deregulation and an administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the us economy to flourish the resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the american worker in the driver’s seat“  @ secretaryross 
 @ nato very unfair to the united states ! 
on my way to the great commonwealth of kentucky to deliver remarks at the  @ amvetshq 75th annual national convention look forward to being with all of my friends !  # amvets75th 
all jews blacks gays everyone and importantly he’s good for everyone in america who wants a job” wow  news max   @ foxandfriends  @ oann
the lamestream media is far beyond fake  news  they are treading in very dangerous territory ! 
thank you ! 
just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence ! 
thank you mike ! 
two incredible people i can’t believe they’re not working few work harder ! 
congratulations great show ! 
thank you jon working hard ! 
thank you to my great supporters at the 2019  @ iowastatefair ! 
great discussion with prime minister  @ borisjohnson today we talked about brexit and how we can move rapidly on a usuk free trade deal i look forward to meeting with boris this weekend at the  @ g7 in france !
massive overflow crowds in new hampshire last week couldn’t get into packed snhu arena fake and corrupt  news  would like you to believe otherwise make america great again ! 
wow report just out ! google manipulated from 26 million to 16 million votes for hillary clinton in 2016 election ! this was put out by a clinton supporter not a trump supporter ! google should be sued my victory was even bigger than thought !  @ judicialwatch
such a disgrace at the once great  @ nytimes ! 
thank you ! 
thank you to  @ saracarterdc a great and legitimate reporter as opposed to those at the failing new york times ! 
rep tlaib wrote a letter to israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother permission was quickly granted whereupon tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down a complete setup the only real winner here is tlaib’s grandmother she doesn’t have to see her now !
thank you rudy ! 
biden doesn’t have a clue ! i will solve the china problem 
what they were doing there’s plenty of indication we don’t have to speculate”  @ stevedoocy “holy cow got to read this book”  @ ainsleyearhardt “wow !”   @ foxandfriends  a very serious situation can never be allowed to happen again ! drain the swamp
unlike others our economy is strong ! 
a fighter and champion great ! 
thank you bill ! 
true ! without being stuck at an airport where cnn buys at a big price an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going  @ cnn is bad for america ! 
so terrible ! 
would chris cuomo be given a red flag for his recent rant ? filthy language and a total loss of control he shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon he’s nuts !
thank you steve ! 
i thought chris was fredo also the truth hurts totally lost it ! low ratings  @ cnn 
curt schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for congress in arizona terrific foxandfriends
i am pleased to inform you that the honorable joseph maguire current director of the national counterterrorism center will be named acting director of national intelligence effective august 15th admiral maguire has a long and distinguished
coincides with the retirement of dan coats a new acting director of national intelligence will be named shortly
we love you dayton ohio ! 
watching fake  news  cnn is better than watching shepard smith the lowest rated show on  @ fox news  actually whenever possible i turn to  @ oann !
“meanwhile the dayton ohio shooter had a history of supporting political figures like bernie sanders elizabeth warren and antifa”  @ oann  i hope other  news  outlets will report this as opposed to fake  news  thank you !
“trump urges unity vs racism” was the correct description in the first headline by the failing new york times but it was quickly changed to “assailing hate but not guns” after the radical left democrats went absolutely crazy ! fake  news   that’s what we’re up against
”this is an astounding develo pm ent in journalism i’ve never seen it happen before i’ve just never seen anything like this ! is that journalism today ? i don’t think so !” mark penn former clinton advisor  @ tuckercarlson after 3 years i almost got a good headline from the times !
amendment” john yoo  @ ingrahamangle  former governor jerry brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional just more of the record setting presidential harassment don’t feel badly new york state is far worse !
in 2020” lou dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the american public  @ peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on hillary clinton and boosted negative stories on donald trump all very illegal we are watching google very closely !
thank you mr wonderful i like you too !  @ kevinolearytv  @ cnbc 
in 2020” lou dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the american public  @ peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on hillary clinton and boosted negative stories on donald ttump all very illegal we are watching google very closely !
“did george bush ever condemn president obama after sandy hook president obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign not many people said obama is out of control mass shootings were happening before the president even thought about running for pres”  @ kilmeade  @ foxandfriends
check out what  @ google is up to for the 2020 election !  # kag2020 
used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories hurt our jobs depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices not anymore !
china dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low it’s called “currency manipulation” are you listening federal reserve ? this is a major violation which will greatly weaken china over time !
pastor scott a great guy  and tough ! 
fight hard tonight colby you are a real champ !  # maga 
a great couple ! 
really bad  news  ! the baltimore house of elijah cummings was robbed too bad !
during the talks the us will start on september 1st putting a small additional tariff of 10 on the remaining 300 billion dollars of goods and products coming from china into our country this does not include the 250 billion dollars already tariffed at 25
very low ratings for the democratic debate last night — they’re desperate for trump !
the radical left dems went after me for using the words “druginfested” concerning baltimore take a look at elijah c 
i have directed the secretary of the navy richard spencer and chief of naval operations john richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards i am very happy for eddie gallagher and his family !
“the lesser of two socialists is still a socialist !” senator john kennedy of louisiana
thank you eric ! 
thank you amy ! 
we should immediately pass voter id  @ voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system also paper ballots as backup old fashioned but true ! thank you !
china has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the trump tariffs trumps got china back on its heels and the united states is doing great  @ andypuzder  @ mariabartiromo
somali refugees arresed in tucson on way to egypt they were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist one of them stated “the best wake up call is islamic state to get victory or another 9/11” get smart people !  # maga  # kag  @ foxandfriends
“i don’t know what it’s going to take a lot of democratic run cities all over america look like this it’s not just baltimore unfortunately” kimberly klacik baltimore journalist  remember vote for trump what the h do you have to lose ? best unemployment numbers !
senator cindy hydesmith is doing a great job for the people of mississippi and fully supports our  # maga agenda cindy is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration
she loves our military and our vets and protects our second amendment cindy has my full and total endorsement !  # maga
it is the 25th anniversary of a great organization run by people who truly love our country  @ judicialwatch on behalf of all americans i thank them !  @ tomfitton 
looking forward to my meeting at 2 : 00  pm  with wonderful inner city pastors !
“the democrats hate this president so much they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our border”  @ thomashomanice   @ stevehiltonx sad but true !
the democrats are still doing the russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime media credibility is now shot democrat credibility is shot they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a hoax they’ve done nothing on infrastructure drug prices trade @ jessebwatters
the real collusion the conspiracy the crime was between the clinton campaign the dnc fusion gps christopher steeleand many others including comey mccabe lisa page and her lover ohr and his wonderful wife and on and on !  @ replouiegohmert
such a big victory of our country ! “supreme court approves trump administration plan to use military funds for the wall”  @ fox news   we will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure over time by other countries
wow ! big victory on the wall the united states supreme court overturns lower court injunction allows southern border wall to proceed big win for border security and the rule of law !
great morning at the pentagon yesterday congratulations to our new defense secretary mark  @ esperdod ! 
q2 gdp up 21 not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the federal reserve anchor wrapped around our neck almost no inflation usa is set to zoom !
“taken for granted” a wonderful new book by gianno caldwell on how conservatism can win back the americans that liberalism failed has my full endorsement !
“taken for granted” a wonderful new book by gianni caldwell on how conservatism can win back the americans that liberalism failed full endorsement !
very disappointed in prime minister stefan löfven for being unable to act sweden has let our african american community down in the united states i watched the tapes of a$ap rocky and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers treat americans fairly !  # freerocky
beautiful welcome ceremony at the pentagon this morning for our new secretary of defense mark  @ esperdod ! 
mark levin will be on  @ foxandfriends now ! great guy
president trump’s approval rating on economy is at 52 a 4 point jump fox poll  @ foxandfriends  shouldn’t this be at 100 ? best stock market economy and unemployment numbers ever ! most people working within us ever ! low interest rates very low inflation ! country doing great !
fox poll say best economy in decades !
appreciate it  @ lindseygrahamsc thank you ! 
even michael moore agrees that the dems and mueller blew it ! 
“mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way and he said no” in other words there was no obstruction  @ katiepavlich  @ fox news 
“this has been a disaster for the democrats and a disaster for the reputation of robert mueller” chris wallace  @ fox news 
interview including the vice president of the united states !
keep america great !
interview including the vice president of the united states !
so why didn’t the highly conflicted robert mueller investigate how and why crooked hillary clinton deleted and acid washed 33000 emails immediately after getting a subpoena from the united states congress ? she must have great lawyers !
congratulations to our new secretary of defense mark  @ esperdod ! 
oh well we still have the great  @ seanhannity who i hear has a really strong show tonight 9 : 00  pm 
just watched rep eric swalwell be asked endless softball questions by  @ marthamaccallum on  @ fox news  about the phony witch hunt he was just forced out of the democrat presidential primary because he polled at zero fox sure ain’t what it used to be too bad !
farmers are starting to do great again after 15 years of a downward spiral the 16 billion dollar china “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt !
keep america great !
best and newest military almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military i took over in history best va in history choice and much much more gee let’s impeach the president the “squad” aoc plus 3 and other dems suffer from trump derangement syndrome crazy !
newest poll :  only 11 in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings well let’s see :  we have the best economy in history the best employment numbers in history most people working in history highest stock market in history biggest tax and regulation cuts in history
“i completely read the entire mueller report and do you know what i concluded after reading both volume 1 and volume 2 ? there is no there there no there there ! we completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money”  @ trishregan
“i completely read the entire mueller report and do you know what i concluded after reading both volume 1 and volume 2 ? there is no there there no there there ! we completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money”  @ trishregan
i am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with senate majority leader mitch mcconnell senate minority leader chuck schumer speaker of the house nancy pelosi and house minority leader kevin mccarthy  on a twoyear budget and debt ceiling with no poison pills
thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts which the fake  news  media will never do !  @ stevehiltonx  @ nextrevfnc 
senator chuck schumer has finally gone to the southern border with some democrat senators this is a great thing ! nearby he missed a large group of illegal immigrants trying to enter the usa illegally they wildly  rushed border patrol some agents were badly injured
congratulations to bibi  @ netanyahu on becoming the longest serving  pm  in the history of israel under your leadership israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy
just had a very good call with  @ swedish pm  stefan löfven who assured me that american citizen a$ap rocky will be treated fairly likewise i assured him that a$ap was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail or an alternative
thank you bill very nice ! 
fed :  there is almost no inflation !
great new book “justice on trial the kavanaugh confirmation and the future of the supreme court” fantastic job by mollie hemingway and carrie severino !
i want to apprise everyone of an incident in the strait of hormuz today involving  # ussboxer a us navy amphibious assault ship the boxer took defensive action against an iranian drone 
of gang members in particular ms13 ice and border patrol are doing a great job !
of gang members in particular ms13 ice and border patrol are doing a great job !
god bless the usa ? 
kevin mccarthy  @ gopleader “the president’s tweets were not racist the controversy over the tweets is all politics i will vote against this resolution”  thank you kevin !
“billionaire tech investor peter thiel believes google should be investigated for treason he accuses google of working with the chinese government”  @ foxandfriends  a great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone ! the trump administration will take a look !
they are antiisrael pro alqaeda and comment on the 9/11 attack “some people did something” radical left democrats want open borders which means drugs crime human trafficking and much more
friday’s tour showed vividly to politicians and the media how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are great reviews ! failing  @ nytimes story was fake ! the adult single men areas were clean but crowded  also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals
94 approval rating in the republican party an all time high ronald reagan was 87 thank you !
house minority leader kevin mccarthy is a far superior leader than was lame duck speaker paul ryan tougher smarter and a far better fundraiser kevin is already closing in on 44 million dollars paul’s final year numbers were according to breitbart “abysmal” people like
andy mccabe is a major sleazebag among many other things he took massive amounts of money from crooked hillary reps for wife’s campaign while hillary was under “investigation” by fbi ! 
just returned to the beautiful  @ whitehouse after a great day in wisconsin and ohio ! 
thank you lara and jessie jane ! 
thank you ! 
dow just hit 27000 for first time ever !
democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “kids in cages inhumane treatment at the border” because the horrible picture used was from the obama years very embarrassing !  @ foxandfriends
months the lowest since 1972” the wall street journal editorial board a tale of two economies  @ ingrahamangle
thank you bill ! 
thank you so much  @ jonvoight !
thank you to lockheed martin one of the usa’s truly great companies !
congratulations to  @ drgregmurphy1 of north carolina  # nc03 on his great primary victory for the united states congress greg is tough on crime borders and loves our second amendment our military and our vets he has my complete and total endorsement !
today on this “usmca day of action” thousands of grassroots supporters are urging congress to pass the great bipartisan usmca usmca  more jobs for american workers more economic growth and more opportunity for our farmers ranchers and businesses  # usmcanow 
thank you robert johnson ! 
done a great job of reducing crime in the african american community because more african americans are at work today trump is not a racist he’s a businessman because he’s a great businessman he’s pushing for lives to be better” michael brown ceo hydromatic tech
“the reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame trump”  @ rudygiuliani 
democrats are coming after our great kentucky senator mitch mcconnell with someone who compared my election to september 11th
after a wonderful dinner at the  @ ustreasury last night with the amir of qatar  @ tamimbinhamad it was my great honor to welcome him to the  @ whitehouse this afternoon ! 
india has long had a field day putting tariffs on american products no longer acceptable !
spoke to  @ gopleader kevin mccarthy about the earthquakes in california and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding also spoke to governor  @ gavin news om  all working together !
thank you ari ! 
great coach great guy ! 
tammy is a great person ! 
thank you marc ! 
a great crowd of tremendous patriots this evening all the way back to the washington monument !  # salutetoamerica ? 
more great information from the  @ natlparkservice for thursday’s fourth of july celebration here in washington dc  # salutetoamerica ? 
i am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate christopher waller ph d executive vp and director of research federal reserve bank of st louis missouri to be on the board of the federal reserve
prior to his current position christopher served as a professor and chair of economics at notre dame
thanks to “phantom fireworks” and “fireworks by grucci for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show washington dc has ever seen ceo's bruce zoldan and phil grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of july celebration in our nations history !
“stocks cap best first half since 1997”  @ wsj our country is doing great !
“stocks cap best first half since 1997”  @ wallstreetjour  our country is doing great !
leaving south korea after a wonderful meeting with chairman kim jong un stood on the soil of north korea an important statement for all and a great honor !
these flyers depict australia’s policy on illegal immigration much can be learned ! 
the republican senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our southern border 848 ! in addition to aid congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the crisis we must end incentives for smuggling children trafficking women and selling drugs
according to fake  news  and low ratings  @ cnn “democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate” that’s because they have lost the impeachment debate 80 say no and they are hoping that yet another do over after 2 1/2 years and $40000000 will turn things around
democrats want open borders which equals violent crime drugs and human trafficking they also want very high taxes like 90 republicans want what’s good for america  the exact opposite !
wow  @ fox news  did great in the ratings cnn is dead as a door nailno credibility and msnbc is dying fast  @ foxandfriends and  @ mariabartiromo are doing great ! 
today it was my great honor to present the medal of honor to army staff sgt david bellavia hero for his courageous actions as a squad leader in fallujah  # moh 
wonderful church service at camp david thank you !
thank you jessica ! 
a great book ! 
stock market is on track to have the best june in over 50 years ! thank you mr president !  @ wsj
stock market is on track to have the best june in over 50 years ! thank you mr president !  @ wallstreetjour
”this russia collusion hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government and in part by a compliant fake  news  media” mollie hemingway   @ tuckercarlson  @ foxandfriends  the facts are starting to pour out stay tuned !
it was my great honor to host canadian prime minister  @ justintrudeau at the  @ whitehouse today ? ? ? 
iran made a very big mistake !
since election day 2016 stocks up almost 50 stocks gained 92 trillion dollars in value and more than 5000000 new jobs added to the economy  @ loudobbs if our opponent had won there would have been a market crash plain and simple !  @ tuckercarlson  @ seanhannity  @ ingrahamangle
congratulations to president lopez obrador — mexico voted to ratify the usmca today by a huge margin time for congress to do the same here !
just returning from orlando and doral miami florida and heading to the oval office where i will present the great economist dr arthur laffer with the presidential medal of freedom
thank you orlando florida !
german dax way up due to stimulus remarks from mario draghi very unfair to the united states !
“ecb officials see rate cut as primary tool for any new stimulus”   @ business
european markets rose on comments unfair to us made today by mario d !
only a few people showed up for the socalled impeachment rallies over the weekend the numbers were anemic no spirit no hope more importantly no collusion no obstruction !
wow !  the state department said it has identified 30 security incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of crooked hillary clinton’s emails  @ fox news   this is really big never admitted before highly classified material will the dems investigate this ?
 @ fox news  polls are always bad for me they were against crooked hillary also something weird going on at fox our polls show us leading in all 17 swing states for the record i didn’t spend 30 hours with  @ abc news  but rather a tiny fraction of that more fake  news    @ bretbaier
one size doesn’t fit all  i support west virginia schools keep up the great work  @ wvgovernor big jim justice   i am with you ! 
thank you mr prime minister a great honor ! 
congratulations to gary woodland in winning the united states open golf championship fantastic playing great heart  there will be more in gary’s future !
so nice ! 
thank you  pm   @ netanyahu and the state of israel for this great honor ? ? ? 
saying enough democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues this is a huge distraction and will only help donald trump get elected”  @ jedediahbila  “greatest president since ronald reagan” said a counterprotester lehighvalleylive
congratulations to great guy pete hegseth and wonderful jenny cunningham on their engagement they will have a fantastic life together !  @ foxandfriends
london needs a new mayor asap khan is a disaster  will only get worse ! 
all in for senator steve daines as he proposes an amendment for a strong ban on burning our american flag a no brainer !
“with over a 50 approval rating at this point in his presidency analysts believe reelection in 2020 looks very promising !”  @ oann  hey we have accomplished more than any president in the first 2 1/2 years why not ?
“the latest polls find 51 of americans approve of president trump’s job performance last month a democrat pollster said president trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any president in history !”  @ oann
just spoke to marillyn hewson ceo of  @ lockheedmartin about continuing operations for the  @ sikorsky in coatesville pennsylvania she will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon
thank you  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell for understanding the democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous witch hunt hoax in the senate cryin’ chuck will never stop did senator  @ markwarner ever report speaking to a russian ! ?
thank you  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell for understanding the democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious witch hunt hoax in the senate cryin’ chuck will never stop did senator  @ markwarner ever report speaking to a russian ! ?
thank you senator  @ marshablackburn for fighting obstructionist democrats led by cryin' chuck schumer democrats continue to look for a doover on the mueller report and will stop at nothing to distract the american people from the great accomplishments of this administration !
announcing great expanded hras—big win for small employers and workers this is a fantastic plan ! my administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage 
natalie harp fighting stage 2 cancer and doing really well was a great guest on  @ foxandfriends right to try is producing some truly spectacular results proud of natalie !
it is the assessment of the us government that iran is responsible for today's attacks in the gulf of oman @ statedept  @ secpompeo 
they’ve been wrong all along ! 
when senator  @ markwarnerva spoke at length and in great detail about extremely negative information on me with a talented entertainer purporting to be a russian operative did he immediately call the fbi ? no in fact he didn’t even tell the senate intelligence committee of
general michael flynn the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction has not retained a good lawyer he has retained a great lawyer sidney powell best wishes and good luck to them both !
“it’s about peace and properity that’s how republican presidents get elected and this president has delivered on the economy and he’s delivered on keeping america stronger and safer our biggest enemy is not any one of these democrats it’s the media” john mclaughlin pollster
thank you ! 
michael whatley has been with us right from the beginning a great leader and  @ ncgop chairman ! 
it was a pleasure to host my friends president andrzej duda and mrs agata kornhauserduda of poland at the  @ whitehouse today uspoland ties are at an alltime high thank you for being such an exemplary ally ! 
“someone should call obama up the obama administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using federal agencies i mean that seems like a headline to me ?”  @ tuckercarlson  it will all start coming out and the witch hunt will end presidential harassment !
today here in iowa we honor america’s cherished farming heritage we salute your commitment to american energy independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean affordable american ethanol ! 
“why did the democrats run if they didn’t want to do things ?”  @ senrickscott
“jerry nadler’s trump bashing show is a bust” headline new york post  @ foxandfriends  the greatest witch hunt of all time continues all crimes were by the other side but the committee refuses to even take a look deleting 33000 emails is the real obstruction  and much more !
can’t believe they are bringing in john dean the disgraced nixon white house counsel who is a paid cnn contributor no collusion  no obstruction ! democrats just want a doover which they’ll never get !
just watched the great  @ rick24barry basketball hall of famer on the  @ marklevinshow  @ fox news  a wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man mark levin who has the number one bestselling book unfreedom of the press two winners !
just watched the great  @ rickbarry44 backetball hall of famer on the  @ marklevinshow  @ fox news  a wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man mark levin who has the number one bestselling book unfreedom of the press two winners !
mexico has agreed to immediately begin buying large quantities of agricultural product from our great patriot farmers !
brandon judd national border patrol council :  “that’s going to be a huge deal because mexico will be using their strong immigration laws  a game changer people no longer will be released into the us” also 6000 mexican troops at their southern border currently there are few !
john solomon :  factual errors and major omissions in the mueller report show that it is totally biased against trump
heading over to normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived we are eternally grateful !  # dday75thanniversary  # dday75 
“the president has received glowing reviews from the british media here at home not so much msnbc ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during trump’s trip to europe”   @ seanhannity  the good  news  is that  @ maddow is dying in the ratings along with  @ cnn !
as we approach the 75th anniversary of dday we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of history’s darkest hours  # dday75 
 @ flotus melania and i send our deepest condolences to president reuven rivlin and the entire state of israel upon the passing of mrs nechama rivlin mrs rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature we will miss her along with all those who knew her
thank you !  ? ? 
big  news  ! as i promised two weeks ago the first shi pm ent of lng has just left the cameron lng export facility in louisiana not only have thousands of jobs been created in usa we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad !
i never called meghan markle “nasty” made up by the fake  news  media and they got caught cold ! will  @ cnn  @ nytimes and others apologize ? doubt it !
the great jerry west will be receiving our nation’s highest civilian honor the presidential medal of freedom for his outstanding career both on and off the court happy birthday jerry !  @ senjoemanchin 
the truth ! the witch hunt is dead thank you  @ marcthiessen 
the united states stands ready to work with  @ nayibbukele to advance prosperity in el salvador and the hemisphere congratulations president bukele on your inauguration !
i will be announcing my second term presidential run with first lady melania vice president mike pence and second lady karen pence on june 18th in orlando florida at the 20000 seat amway center join us for this historic rally ! tickets :  
 @ seanhannity is having a deep state show tonight on fox  news  at 9 : 00  pm  e exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered tremendous guests a must see – enjoy !
saddened to hear about the loss of john pinto a navajo code talker in world war ii over the memorial day weekend the code talkers are true american heroes and john never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime new mexico state senator john rest in peace !
yesterday border patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever :  1036 people who illegally crossed the border in el paso around 4am democrats need to stand by our incredible border patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our border ! 
say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false accusation and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it could this be obstruction ? no mueller didn’t find obstruction either presidential harassment !
say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false acquisition and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it could this be obstruction ? no mueller didn’t find obstruction either presidential harassment !
great show tonight  @ seanhannity you really get it 9 : 00  pm   @ fox news  that’s why you’re number one by far ! also please tell mark levin congrats on having the number one book !
thank you japan ? ? ? 
back from japan after a very successful trip big progress on many fronts a great country with a wonderful leader in prime minister abe !
i was actually sticking up for sleepy joe biden while on foreign soil kim jong un called him a “low iq idiot” and many other things whereas i related the quote of chairman kim as a much softer “low iq individual” who could possibly be upset with that ?
god bless the usa ? 
tonight in tokyo japan at the ry ?goku kokugikan stadium it was my great honor to present the firstever us president’s cup to sumo grand champion asanoyama congratulations ! a great time had by all thank you  @ abeshinzo ! 
going to play golf right now with  @ abeshinzo japan loves the game tremendous fans of  @ jacknicklaus  @ tigerwoods and  @ philmickelson — i said what about  @ garyplayer they said we love gary too !
in alaska with our great troops departing shortly for japan ! 
“intelligence agencies were used against an american president”  @ devinnunes   @ shannonbream  @ fox news   this should never happen to a president again ! dems are furious at robert mueller for his findings  no collusion no obstruction now they should go back to work and legislate !
71 of voters rate the economy as excellent or good the highest number in more than 18 years !  @ quinnipiacpoll
“nancy pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing she will diminish herself and her membership she cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence what’s going on ?”  ed rollins   @ greggjarrett   @ loudobbs
“today at the request and recommendation of the attorney general of the united states president donald j trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the attorney general’s investigation into surveillance activities
during the 2016 presidential election the attorney general has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation in accordance with the longestablished standards for handling classified information
 @ fox news  poll :  a majority of americans want the democrats to stop investigating president trump the mueller report said very strongly no collusion which led to no obstruction the dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive mueller findings they are now the do nothing party !
the us senate has just approved a 19 billion dollar disaster relief bill with my total approval great !
i want to welcome you all to the  @ whitehouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – the medal of valor
without the illegal witch hunt my poll numbers especially because of our historically “great” economy would be at 65 too bad ! the greatest hoax in american history
congratulations to governor  @ mattbevin on winning the republican primary for governor tonight in the great state of kentucky matt you are doing a fantastic job !
wow mark levin’s new book opened at  # 1 it is great – keep it there for a long time ! 
so even though i didn’t have to do it with presidential privilege i allowed everyone to testify including white house counsel don mcgahn for over 30 hours to robert mueller and the 18 angry trumphating democrats and they arrived
i am pleased to announce my nomination of barbara barrett of arizona and former chairman of the aerospace corporation to be the next secretary of the air force she will be an outstanding secretary !  # flyfightwin
pennsylvania  don’t forget to get out and vote today for republican fred keller for congress fred is strong on crime second amendment military vets and healthcare he has my complete and total endorsement !
just returned to the beautiful  @ whitehouse after a great evening in pennsylvania ! 
massive crowds in pennsylvania tonight thank you for joining me ! 
beautiful evening for a make america great again rally tonight in pennsylvania thank you i love you !  # maga 
“we have a booming economy and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades”  stuart varney  @ foxandfriends
two tweets missing from last batch probably a twitter error no time for a redo ! only the dems get redos !
a great win for brooks congratulations to a great champion ! 
thank you dan ! 
consumer sentiment in the month of may is the highest in 15 years very nice !  @ fox news 
new fox poll :  58 of people say that the fbi broke the law in investigating donald j trump  @ foxandfriends
 @ billdeblasio is the worst mayor in the history of new york city  he won’t last long ! 
congratulations to dan bishop on his big republican primary victory in the 9th congressional district of north carolina dan is strong on crime loves our military vets 2a and great healthcare he has my complete and total endorsement !  # maga
the golden era of american energy is now underway ! 
i met marine sgt john peck a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant at walter reed in 2017 today it was my honor to welcome john hero to the oval with his wonderful wife jessica he also wrote a book that i highly recommend “rebuilding sergeant peck” 
today i officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our great  @ specialolympics whose athletes inspire us and make our nation so proud !
my administration will be fighting for $200 million for the army corps everglades restoration work this year congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project asap ! good for florida and good for the environment
the unexpectedly good first quarter 32 gdp was greatly helped by tariffs from china some people just don’t get it !
also congratulations to  @ oann on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump “thank you president trump” !
thank you  @ foxandfriends great show this morning and congratulations on your number one by far rating well deserved !
information ! as long as president trump is president his opposition will use every tool and misuse every tool available to make his life miserable”  @ tomfitton  @ judicialwatch  @ loudobbs  sadly this proves i am doing a great job  also best economy and employment numbers ever !
and the democrat national committeethe democrat party apparatushas been caught using donor dollars to collude with russian intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent me the fbi has no leadership the director is protecting the same gangthat tried to
“even director james clapper admits that the fbi actions against the trump presidential campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying perhaps fbi director christopher wray will be the next to do so”  @ loudobbs
really sad ! 
“we have been engaged in an unfair relationship with china for a long time they have reneged on the commitments they made to the wto particularly around intellectual property” carly fiorina  @ mariabartiromo
great consumer price index just out really good very low inflation ! we have a great chance to “really rock !” good numbers all around
the average 401k balance has soared since the bottom of the market  466 wow !
republicans must stick together ! 
today it was my honor to welcome the 2018 world series champion boston  @ redsox to the  @ whitehouse ! 
great  news  today :  my administration just secured a historic donation of hiv prevention drugs from gilead to help expand access to prep for the uninsured and those at risk will help us achieve our goal of ending the hiv epidemic in america ! 
after a great rally in panama city beach florida  i am returning to washington dc with  @ senrickscott and senator  @ marcorubio discussing the terrible abuses by maduro america stands with the great people of venezuela for however long it takes ! 
“the reality is with the tariffs the economy has grown more rapidly in the united states and much more slowly in china” peter morici former chief economist usitc
great  news  for ohio ! just spoke to mary barra ceo of general motors who informed me that subject to a uaw agreement etc gm will be selling their beautiful lordstown plant to workhorse where they plan to build electric trucks gm will also be spending $700000000 in ohio
“this british spy christopher steele tried so hard to get this the fake dossier out before the election why ?”   @ kilmeade  @ foxandfriends
“the real “obstruction of justice” is what the democrats are trying to do to this attorney general” congressman jim jordan rohio  @ mariabartiromo
i am pleased to inform you that the big fireworks after many years of not having any are coming back to beautiful mount rushmore in south dakota great work  @ govkristinoem and  @ secbernhardt !  # maga
he wants to impeach because they can’t win election sad ! 
congratulations  @ tigerwoods  you are truly one of a kind ! 
just spoke to prime minister abe of japan concerning north korea and trade very good conversation !
alabama iowa nebraska georgia south carolina north carolina and others unless much more money is given to puerto rico the dems don’t want farmers to get any help puerto rico should be very happy and the dems should stop blocking much needed disaster relief !
“democrat texas congressman al green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent president trump from reelection in 2020”  @ oann  in other words dems can’t win the election fairly you can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history
once again israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups hamas and islamic jihad we support israel 100 in its defense of its citizens
pending the confirmation of mark morgan as our nation’s new ice director matt albence will serve in the role of acting director matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ice to the maximum extent of the law !  # maga
“this is not congressional oversight this is bullying” jason riley the wall street journal
for 10 months china has been paying tariffs to the usa of 25 on 50 billion dollars of high tech and 10 on 200 billion dollars of other goods these payments are partially responsible for our great economic results the 10 will go up to 25 on friday 325 billions dollars
mike has been a fantastic senator ! 
so surprised to see conservative thinkers like james woods banned from twitter and paul watson banned from facebook ! 
we discussed trade venezuela ukraine north korea nuclear arms control and even the “russian hoax” very productive talk !
jobs jobs jobs !“jobs surge in april unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969” 
finally mainstream media is getting involved  too “hot” to avoid pulitzer prize anyone ? the new york times on front page finally “details effort to spy on trump campaign”  @ foxandfriends  this is bigger than watergate but the reverse !
thank you working hard !  # maga 
congrats to  @ ussteel for investing $1 billion in america's most innovative steel mill 232 tariffs make pennsylvania and usa more prosperous/secure by bringing steel and aluminum industries back tariffs are working pittsburgh is again the steel city usa economy is booming ! 
steve moore a great progrowth economist and a truly fine person has decided to withdraw from the fed process steve won the battle of ideas including tax cuts
the collusion delusion is over ! 
congress must change the immigration laws now dems won’t act wall is being built  400 miles by end of next year mexico must stop the march to border !  @ foxandfriends
“no president in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents still the president’s record is unparalleled”  @ loudobbs
gallup poll :  56 of americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good this is the highest number since 2002 and up 10 points since 2016
today it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018  @ nascar cup series champion  @ joeylogano and  @ teampenske to the  @ whitehouse ! 
embargo together with highestlevel sanctions will be placed on the island of cuba hopefully all cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island !
will be interviewed by  @ mariabartiromo on  @ fox news  at 10 : 00 am talking about the southern border and how the dems must act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws will be tough watch !
thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney alan dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “judge” andrew napolitano
thank you green bay wisconsin ! make america great again ! 
beautiful  # trumprally tonight in green bay wisconsin with a massive crowd thank you for joining me i love you !  # maga ?
sincerest thank you to our great border patrol agent who stopped the shooter at the synagogue in poway california he may have been off duty but his talents for law enforcement weren’t !
leaving now for green bay wisconsin  big crowd will be there shortly !  # maga
we must end the opioid crisis do your part today by participating in prescription drug  # takebackday at over 4000 locations across the country ! 
we must end the opioid crisis do your part today by participating in prescription drug  # takebackday at over 4000 locations across the country ! 
just out :  real gdp for first quarter grew 32 at an annual rate this is far above expectations or projections importantly inflation very low make america great again !
“president donald j trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that i know of in the history of the united states 20 hostages many in impossible circumstances have been released in last two years no money was paid” cheif hostage negotiator usa !
no money was paid to north korea for otto warmbier not two million dollars not anything else this is not the obama administration that paid 18 billion dollars for four hostages or gave five terroist hostages plus who soon went back to battle for traitor sgt bergdahl !
look forward to seeing everyone in indianapolis indiana tomorrow ! 
despite the fact that the mueller report was “composed” by trump haters and angry democrats who had unlimited funds and human resources the end result was no collusion no obstruction amazing !
 @ senmikelee of the great state of utah has written a wonderful new book entitled “our lost declaration” highly recommended !
today  @ flotus melania and i were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the country for the 2019 prescription drug abuse and heroin summit  @ rxsummit in atlanta georgia !  # rxsummit2019
i didn’t call bob costa of the washington post he called me returned his call !  just more fake  news 
“former cia analyst larry johnson accuses united kingdom intelligence of helping obama administration spy on the 2016 trump presidential campaign”  @ oann wow ! it is now just a question of time before the truth comes out and when it does it will be a beauty !
you mean the stock market hit an alltime record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment ! ? will i ever be given credit for anything by the fake  news  media or radical liberal dems ? no collusion !
great meeting this afternoon at the  @ whitehouse with  @ jack from  @ twitter lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform and the world of social media in general look forward to keeping an open dialogue ! 
great interview by jared nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our country ! 
keep america great !
“the best thing ever to happen to twitter is donald trump”  @ mariabartiromo  so true but they don’t treat me well as a republican very discriminatory hard for people to sign on constantly taking people off list big complaints from many people different namesover 100 m
“harley davidson has struggled with tariffs with the eu currently paying 31 they’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66 in june of 2021”  @ mariabartiromo so unfair to us we will reciprocate !
“a very exculpatory section of the mueller report :  no conspiracy coordination or collusion with the trump campaign and the russians you can’t be more clear than that !”  @ greggjarrett 
united states weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low the economy is doing great !
the greatest political hoax of all time ! crimes were committed by crooked dirty cops and dnc/the democrats
in my conversation yesterday with president  @ emmanuelmacron of france i also wished both pope francis and president macron a very happy easter !
wow ! fbi made 11 payments to fake dossier’s discredited author trump hater christopher steele  @ oann   @ judicialwatch  the witch hunt has been a total fraud on your president and the american people ! it was brought to you by dirty cops crooked hillary and the dnc
on trumps icc win dems and republicans see eye to eye  realclearpolitics 
just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the colorado river thanks to  @ senmcsallyaz for getting it done big deal for arizona !
so weird to watch crazy bernie on  @ fox news  not surprisingly  @ bretbaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice very strange and now we have  @ donnabrazile ?
i finally agree with  @ cher ! 
mueller and the ag based on mueller findings and great intelligence have already ruled no collusion no obstruction these were crimes committed by crooked hillary the dnc dirty cops and others ! investigate the investigators !
 @ stevehiltonx  “this is president trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda he needs populist allies these changes are not chaos but rather progress all this is president trump at his absolute best” thank you steve !
great masters going on right now  @ tigerwoods is leading with 2 holes left to play very exciting tune in !
in new york state democrats blocked a bill expanding college tuition for gold star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants no wonder so many people are leaving ny very sad !
a fake story by politico made up sources thank you mount vernon ! 
finally great  news  at the border ! 
finally great  news  at the border ! 
thank you jeh so well stated ! 
“democrats don’t like the results of the mueller report so now they’re trying everything else”   @ repdougcollins  they should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating especially on the border !
president obama’s top white house lawyer gregory b craig was indicted yesterday on very serious charges this is a really big story but the fake  news  new york times didn’t even put it on page one rather page 16  @ washingtonpost not much better “tiny” page one corrupt  news  !
“i don’t need to know any more we’re done absolutely done he mueller tried the case there’s no collusion”  @ lindseygrahamsc   @ foxandfriends  no matter what we do or give to the radical left it will never be enough !
“and the radical dems reeling in disarray as the president continues to win win and win again ! the left is pretending to be shocked by ag william barr’s testimony before congress in which he said spying did occur on the trump 2016 campaign”  @ loudobbs   @ fox news 
house democrats want to negotiate a $2 trillion spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan we can’t afford it anyway and it’s not happening !
beautiful afternoon in the oval office today with a few great american heroes ! 
biggest scandal of our time  the coup that failed !  @ mariabartiromo 
spy games :  time for answers 
congratulations to  @ erictrump and  @ laraleatrump on the great  news  so proud !
join me in crosby texas as i deliver remarks and sign executive orders on energy and infrastructure ! 
today it was my great honor to welcome president  @ alsisiofficial of the arab republic of egypt to the  @ whitehouse ! 
congratulations to virginia  great game !
congratulations to the baylor lady bears on their amazing win last night against notre dame to become the 2019 ncaa women’s basketball national champions ! 
“jerry nadler is not entitled to this information he is doing this to get it to the democrat 2020 nominee”  @ katiepavlich
i am pleased to announce that kevin mcaleenan the current us customs and border protection commissioner will become acting secretary for  @ dhsgov i have confidence that kevin will do a great job !
will be speaking today at the republican jewish coalition  @ rjc meeting in las vegas nevada see everyone soon ! 
“the lowest average jobs number for any president since 1951 41 economy doing great if the democrats win it is all over”  @ varneyco   @ foxandfriends  i agree !
congratulations david a very big deal ! 
join me in california for a roundtable on immigration and border security ! 
i’ve employed thousands of electrical workers they will be voting for me !
congratulations to brian hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded liberal democrat in the great state of wisconsin for a very important supreme court seat republicans are producing big for wisconsin !
this will supersede usmca likewise i am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 billion dollars in illegal drugs that are shipped and smuggled through mexico and across our southern border over 10000 americans die each year sooo many families destroyed !
i am pleased to announce that jovita carranza will be nominated as the new  @ sbagov administrator she will be replacing linda mcmahon who has done an outstanding job jovita was a great treasurer of the united states – and i look forward to her joining my cabinet !
 @ byronyork :  “how bad does border have to be for democrats to admit it's an emergency ?” 
“democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of trump’s way” 
today it was my great honor to welcome  @ nato secretary general  @ jensstoltenberg to the  @ whitehouse ! 
“i haven’t seen any democrats down here at the border working with us or asking to speak to any of us they have an open invitation we are getting overrun our facilities are overcapacity we are at an emergency crisis” art del cueto national border patrol council
in 1998 repjerry nadler strongly opposed the release of the starr report on bill clinton no information whatsoever would or could be legally released but with the no collusion mueller report which the dems hate he wants it all nothing will ever satisfy them !  @ foxandfriends
democrats should stop fighting sen david perdue’s disaster relief bill they are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural america !
the cost of obamacare is far too high for our great citizens the deductibles in many cases way over $7000 make it almost worthless or unusable good things are going to happen !  @ senrickscott   @ senatemajldr  @ senjohnbarrasso   @ senbillcassidy
“outrageous it’s the adam schiff problem people abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true you look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival who made it ?” james freeman  @ wsj
“the trump administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to iran for its sinister behavior at no cost to the us or our allies that’s the definition of a foreignpolicy achievement” bret stephens  @ nytimes  we are getting stronger all over the world watch !
in honor of his past service to our country navy seal  # eddiegallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court process should move quickly !  @ foxandfriends  @ repralphnorman
a huge thanks to  @ heathernauert for serving america at the  @ statedept great work ! i’m proud to have you join the fulbright board ! 
working hard thank you !  # maga 
massive overflow crowds in grand rapids michigan tonight thank you for joining us tonight !  # maga 
beautiful  # magarally tonight in grand rapids michigan  thank you i love you ! make america great again ! 
the republican party will become the party of great healthcare ! obamacare is a disaster far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high  virtually unusable ! moving forward in courts and legislatively !
congressman adam schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from congress !
we are here today to award america’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – staff sergeant travis atkins
“proclamation on recognizing the golan heights as part of the state of israel” 
the republican party will become “the party of healthcare !”
“what we’re seeing on capitol hill right now is that the democrats are walking back any charges of collusion against the president”  @ byronyork  @ billhemmer should never have been started a disgrace !
“what we’re seeing on capital hill right now is that the democrats are walking back any charges of collusion against the president”  @ byronyork   @ billhemmer should never have been started a disgrace !
a team of great champions ! 
today it was my great honor to welcome prime minister  @ netanyahu of israel back to the  @ whitehouse where i signed a presidential proclamation recognizing israel’s sovereignty over the golan heights read more :  
“the special counsel did not find that the trump campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the russian government in these efforts despite multiple offers from russianaffiliated individuals to assist the trump campaign”
“no matter your ideologies or your loyalties this is a good day for america no american conspired to cooperate with russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election according to robert mueller and that is good”   @ bretbaier   @ fox news 
no collusion no obstruction complete and total exoneration keep america great !
today in florida  @ flotus and i were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the bahamas dominican republic haiti jamaica and saint lucia ! 
“our own benjamin hall is doing fantastic reporting on isis right on the from line true isis was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered a testament to our president” thank you pete hegseth  @ foxandfriends
31 gdp for the year best number in 14 years !
“the reason we have the special counsel investigation is that james comey a dirty cop leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose”  @ kennedynation totally illegal !
isis caliphate two years ago in red vs isis caliphate today was even worse in november 2016 before i took office 
amazingly cnn just released a poll at 71 saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 18 years ! wow is cnn becoming a believer ?
wow ! a suffolk/usa today poll just out states “50 of americans agree that  robert mueller’s investigation is a witch hunt”  @ msnbc  very few think it is legit ! we will soon find out ?
93 approval rating in the republican party thank you !
were  @ fox news  weekend anchors  @ arthelneville and  @ lelandvittert trained by cnn prior to their ratings collapse ? in any event that’s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor shepard smith !
should federal election commission and/or fcc look into this ? there must be collusion with the democrats and of course russia ! such one sided media coverage most of it fake  news  hard to believe i won and am winning approval rating 52 93 with republicans sorry maga
because the economy is so good general motors must get their lordstown ohio plant open maybe in a different form or with a new owner fast ! toyota is investing 135 $billion in us others likewise gm must act quickly time is of the essence !
spreading the fake and totally discredited dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against john mccain” ken starr former independent counsel he had far worse “stains” than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace !
mark morgan former border patrol chief with great experience in law enforcement really understands the subjects of immigration and the border thank you mark foxandfriends
veto message to the house of representatives for hj res 46 :  
the ‘jexodus’ movement encourages jewish people to leave the democrat party total disrespect ! republicans are waiting with open arms remember jerusalem us embassy and the horrible iran nuclear deal !  @ oann   @ foxandfriends
congratulations  @ toyota ! big  news  for us auto workers ! the usmca is already fixing the broken nafta deal 
a vote for today’s resolution by republican senators is a vote for nancy pelosi crime and the open border democrats !
the three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps carson did a great job it wasn’t political i don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer president ?  will be wacky in the unemployment line” michael loftus  @ foxandfriends
the democrats are “border deniers” they refuse to see or acknowledge the death crime drugs and human trafficking at our southern border !
“democrats are frantic to throw something else at the president that’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas it’s ridiculous just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this” lara trump  @ fox news 
“the lisa page fbi transcript also confirms earlier reporting that page testified russian collusion was still unproven when special counsel robert mueller was appointed” catherine herridge  @ fox news   in other words they appointed someone when there was and is no crime bad !
“double standard  former fbi lawyer lisa page admits being told to go easy on clinton”  very unfair fox news 
democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20 issue in opposing republican senators tomorrow the dems are for open borders and crime !
keep america great !
“jay leno points out that comedy on the very boring late night shows is totally onesided it’s tough when there’s only one topic”  @ foxandfriends  actually the onesided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable but remember we are number one  president !
patrick moore cofounder of greenpeace :  “the whole climate crisis is not only fake  news  it’s fake science there is no climate crisis there’s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life”  @ foxandfriends  wow !
republican senators have a very easy vote this week it is about border security and the wall stopping crime drugs etc not constitutionality and precedent it is an 80 positive issue the dems are 100 united as usual on a 20 issue open borders and crime get tough r’s !
making daylight saving time permanent is ok with me !
“there’s not one shred of evidence that president trump has done anything wrong”  @ grahamledger one america  news   so true a total witch hunt  all started illegally by crooked hillary clinton the dnc and others !
will soon be 145 judges ! 
the witch hunt continues ! 
unimaginable loss  such great people ! 
aluminum prices are down 12 since i instituted tariffs on aluminum dumping  and the us will be taking in billions plus jobs nice !
congratulations to heather wilson who is the sole finalist to become the next president of university of texas at el paso effective september 1 2019 heather has done an absolutely fantastic job
on international women’s day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses
women’s unemployment rate is down to 36  was 79 in january 2011 things are looking good !
it is shameful that house democrats won’t take a stronger stand against antisemitism in their conference antisemitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it !
weirdo tom steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for president he’s all talk ! 
hans von spakovsky “i haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation adam schiff seems to be copying joseph mccarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing”
“crooked hillary clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for white house” awshucks does that mean i won’t get to run against her again ? she will be sorely missed !
republican approval rating just hit 93 sorry haters ! make america great again !
“hiv is cured in 2nd patient doctors report”  @ nytimes  such great  news  for so many tremendous progress being made !
representative ilhan omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning israel jewish groups have just sent a petition to speaker pelosi asking her to remove omar from foreign relations committee a dark day for israel !
“we the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day mccarthyismwhich is the widest fishing net expeditionevery aspect of the presidents lifeall in order to get power back so they can institute socialism”  @ seanhannity
“we the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day mccathyismwhich is the widest fishing net expeditionevery aspect of the presidents lifeall in order to get power back so they can institute socialism”  @ seanhannity
“the american media has changed forever  news  organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct  those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the new yorker  or they’ve been purchased by jeff bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for
“there is no collusion all of these investigations are in search of a crime democrats have no evidence to impeach president trump ridiculous !”  @ devinnunes  @ fox news 
my wonderful daughter ivanka will be interviewed tonight by steve hilton on “the next revolution”  @ fox news  9 : 00  pm  she works so hard and has achieved so much for the usaand gets so little credit ! then watch mark levin at 10 : 00  pm  a great show !
we’ve got nasa “rocking” again great activity and success congrats to spacex and all !
 @ teamcavuto  it was a 3 day train ride to vietnam not 3 hours !
oh’ i see ! now that the 2 year russian collusion case has fallen apart there was no collusion except bye crooked hillary and the democrats they say “gee i have an idea let’s look at trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done let’s follow discredited michael cohen
everyone must watch the opening to  @ tuckercarlson  a classic !  @ fox news 
thank you to our generous hosts in hanoi this week :  president trong prime minister phuc and the wonderful people of vietnam ! 
great meeting and dinner with kim jong un in hanoi vietnam tonight looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow !  # hanoisummit 
great meetings and dinner tonight in vietnam with kim jong un of north korea very good dialogue resuming tomorrow !
fiat chrysler will be adding more than 6500 jobs in michigan detroit area doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 45 billion dollar investment thank you fiat chrysler they are all coming back to the usa it’s where the action is !
heading over to vietnam for my meeting with kim jong un looking forward to a very productive summit !
congratulations to  @ djohnsonpga on his 20th pga tour win not only is dustin a truly great golfer he is a wonderful guy big year ahead for dustin !
“why on earth would any republican vote not to put up a wall or against border security please explain that to me ?”  @ varneyco
oil prices getting too high opec please relax and take it easy world cannot take a price hike  fragile !
93 approval rating in the republican party 52 approval rating overall ! not bad considering i get the most unfair bad press in the history of presidential politics ! and don’t forget the witch hunt !
poll :  suburban women are coming back into the republican party in droves “because of the wall and border security 70 support border security and the wall” not believing the walls are immoral line beverly hallberg independent women’s forum  @ katiepavlich  a great usa issue !
very productive talks yesterday with china on trade will continue today ! i will be leaving for hanoi vietnam early tomorrow for a summit with kim jong un of north korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first summit in singapore denuclearization ?
“there’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything constitutionally or anything else wrong” graham ledger  thank you graham so true !
highly respected senator richard burr head of senate intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents “we have found no collusion between the trump campaign and russia” the witch hunt so bad for our country must end !
 @ jussiesmollett  what about maga and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments ! ?  # maga
i have instructed secretary of state mike pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow hoda muthana back into the country !
we have just built this powerful wall in new mexico completed on january 30 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule ! many miles more now under construction !  # finishthewall 
california now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from la to san francisco a different deal and record cost overruns send the federal government back the billions of dollars wasted !
“if thinking that james comey is not a good fbi director is tantamount to being an agent of russia than just list all the people that are agents of russia  chuck schumer nancy pelosi rod rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of comey the inspector general” trey gowdy
“the witch hunt in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in american political history marking the first occasion in which the us government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election presidential !” victor davis hanson  and got caught !  @ fox news 
remember this andrew mccabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of leakin’ james comey !
thank you andrew  we all miss beautiful meadow ! 
thank you jt ! 
“after two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the senate intelligence committee has not discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the trump campaign and russia”  ken dilanian  @ nbc news 
52 approval rating 93 in republican party  a record  ! pretty amazing considering that 93 also of my press is really bad the “people” are smart !
building the wall !
reviewing the funding bill with my team at the  @ whitehouse !
the senate intelligence committee :  there is no evidence of collusion between the trump campaign and russia !
thank you to  @ msnbc ! 
beautiful evening in el paso texas last night god bless the usa ! 
coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and  @ tva news  should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants like paradise  # 3 in kentucky !
40 years of corruption 40 years of repression 40 years of terror the regime in iran has produced only  # 40yearsoffailure the longsuffering iranian people deserve a much brighter future 
the us will soon control 100 of isis territory in syria  @ cnn do you believe this ?
“president is on sound legal ground to declare a national emergency there have been 58 national emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 and 31 right now that are currently active so this is hardly unprecedented” congressman  @ tommcclintock
gallup poll :  “open borders will potentially attract 42 million latin americans” this would be a disaster for the us we need the wall now !
african americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in virginia !
deepest sympathies to congresswoman debbie dingell and the entire family of john dingell longest serving congressman in country’s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart a great reputation and highly respected man
now we find out that adam schiff was spending time together in aspen with glenn simpson of gps fusion who wrote the fake and discredited dossier even though simpson was testifying before schiff john solomon of  @ thehill
highly respected senator richard burr chairman of senate intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of russia collusion “we don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the trump campaign and russia”  thank you !
today it was my great honor to sign a presidential memorandum launching the women’s global develo pm ent and prosperity initiative  # wgdp read more :  
looking forward to tonight !  # sotu 
i will be interviewed sunday morning on  @ facethenation and prior to the super bowl on  @ cbs at 3 : 30  pm  enjoy !
thank you to senator rob portman and senator cory gardner for the early and warm endorsement we will all win in 2020 together !
great  news  on foxconn in wisconsin after my conversation with terry gou ! 
this witch hunt must end ! 
our great us border patrol agents made the biggest fentanyl bust in our country’s history thanks as always for a job well done !
very sadly murder cases in mexico in 2018 rose 33 from 2017 to 33341 this is a big contributor to the humanitarian crisis taking place on our southern border and then spreading throughout our country worse even than afghanistan much caused by drugs wall is being built !
democrats are becoming the party of late term abortion high taxes open borders and crime !
with murders up 33 in mexico a record why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a wall ! construction has started and will not stop until it is finished  @ loudobbs  @ foxandfriends
very sadly murder cases in mexico in 2018 rose 33 from 2017 to 33341 this is a big contributor to the humanitarian crises taking place on our southern border and then spreading throughout our country worse even than afghanistan much caused by drugs wall is being built !
spoke today with venezuelan interim president juan guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong united states support for venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy
large protests all across venezuela today against maduro the fight for freedom has begun !
maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in venezuela following us sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues guaido is being targeted by venezuelan supreme court massive protest expected today americans should not travel to venezuela until further notice
“our economy right now is the gold standard throughout the world”  @ ingrahamangle  so true and not even close !
“in the media’s effort to destroy the president they are actually destroying themselves given all of the tremendous headwinds this president has faced it’s amazing he has accomplished so much” deroy murdock  @ foxandfriends  i agree !
58000 noncitizens voted in texas with 95000 noncitizens registered to vote these numbers are just the tip of the iceberg all over the country especially in california voter fraud is rampant must be stopped strong voter id !  @ foxandfriends
cbs reports that in the roger stone indictment data was “released during the 2016 election to damage hillary clinton” oh really ! what about the fake and unverified “dossier” a total phony conjob that was paid for by crooked hillary to damage me and the trump campaign ? what
“ax falls quickly at buzzfeed and huffpost !” headline new york post fake  news  and bad journalism have caused a big downturn sadly many others will follow the people want the truth !
greatest witch hunt in the history of our country ! no collusion ! border coyotes drug dealers and human traffickers are treated better who alerted cnn to be there ?
great earnings coming out of stock market too bad media doesn’t devote much time to this !
deroy murdock national review :  “we are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime  we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas this is not good if you’re vladimir putin where your chief export is oil wh agent  not good for kremlin”  @ tuckercarlson
congratulations to mariano rivera on unanimously being elected to the national baseball hall of fame ! not only a great player but a great person i am thankful for mariano’s support of the opioid drug abuse commission and  @ fitnessgov  # entersandman  # hof2019 ? ? 
marist/npr/pbs poll shows president trump’s approval rating among latinos going to 50 an increase in one year of 19 thank you working hard !
today it was my great honor to visit the martin luther king jr memorial with  @ vp mike pence in honor of  # mlkday 
democrats campaigned on working within washington and “getting things done !” how is that working out ?  # 2020takebackthehouse
congratulations to bob kraft bill belichick tom brady and the entire new england patriots team on a great game and season will be a fantastic super bowl !
thank you david ! 
i will be live from the white house at 4 : 00  pm 
i will be making a major announcement concerning the humanitarian crisis on our southern border and the shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3  pm  live from the  @ whitehouse
america first !
kevin corke  @ fox news  “don’t forget michael cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the wall street journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars”  lying to reduce his jail time ! watch fatherinlaw !
border rancher :  “we’ve found prayer rugs out here it’s unreal”  washington examiner   people coming across the southern border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise
“in 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the border and there was a 122 increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the us”  @ seanhannity
volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in chattanooga tennessee they will be making electric cars congratulations to chattanooga and tennessee on a job well done a big win !
best line in the elizabeth warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “thank you for being here i’m glad you’re here” it’s their house he’s supposed to be there !
starting the long overdue pullout from syria while hitting the little remaining isis territorial caliphate hard and from many directions will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms will devastate turkey economically if they hit kurds create 20 mile safe zone
i will be interviewed by jeanine pirro at 9 : 00  pm  on  @ fox news  watch  @ jessebwatters before and  @ greggutfeld after all terrific people i am in the white house waiting for cryin’ chuck and nancy to call so we can start helping our country both at the border and from within !
democrats could solve the shutdown in 15 minutes ! call your dem senator or congresswoman/man tell them to get it done ! humanitarian crisis
 @ cnn called a san diego  news  station  @ kusi news  for negative reports on the wall when the station said that walls work cnn no longer had interest  # fake news  
the fake  news  media keeps saying we haven’t built any new wall below is a section just completed on the border anticlimbing feature included very high strong and beautiful ! also many miles already renovated and in service ! 
because of the democrats intransigence on border security and the great importance of safety for our nation i am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to davos switzerland for the world economic forum my warmest regards and apologies to the  @ wef !
“great support for border security and the wall”  @ foxandfriends  even greater than anyone would know ! “presidents supporters do not want him to cave”  @ stevedoocy i won’t !
thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my oval office speech a very interesting experience !
i am pleased to inform you that i will address the nation on the humanitarian and national security crisis on our southern border tuesday night at 9 : 00  pm  eastern
congressman adam smith the new chairman of the house armed services committee just stated “yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency it’s been done a number of times” no doubt but let’s get our deal done in congress !
“we simply cannot allow people to pour into the united states undetected undocumented unchecked” barrack obama 2005 i voted when i was a senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in” hillary clinton 2015
“the number of employed americans has now set a 14th record under president trump over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 32 participation rate hits trumpera high” cns  news   and we will do even better with new trade deals and all else !
“jobs up big plus 312000 record number working manufacturing best in 20 years previous administration said this could not happen hispanic unemployment lowest ever dow plus 747 for day”  @ drudgereport
great tweet today by tyler q houlton  @ spoxdhs on the  # fake news  being put out by  @ cnn a proud member of the opposition party  @ tsa is doing a great job !
we are working hard at the border but we need a wall !  in 2018 17 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including ms13 apprehended a big human trafficking problem
great support coming from all sides for border security including wall on our very dangerous southern border teams negotiating this weekend ! washington post and nbc reporting of events including fake sources has been very inaccurate to put it mildly !
great new book by dr robert jeffress “choosing the extraordinary life” get it and enjoy loudobbs
great jobs numbers just announced !
michael pillsbury interviewed by  @ cvpayne :  “they have the motive of making the president look bad – instead of president trump being portrayed as a hero the first president to take china on it’s 20 years overdue
the rnc has a great chairwoman in ronna mcdaniel and the  @ gop has never been stronger we achieved historic wins with her help last year !  # maga ?
border security and the wall “thing” and shutdown is not where nancy pelosi wanted to start her tenure as speaker ! let’s make a deal ?
“general” mcchrystal got fired like a dog by obama last assignment a total bust known for big dumb mouth hillary lover ! 
happy new year !
dr sebastian gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “why we fight” lots of insight  enjoy !
happy new year ! 
veterans on president trump’s handling of border security  62 approval rating on being a strong leader  59  ap poll thank you !
“absolutely nothing” on russian collusion kimberley strassel the wall street journal the russian collusion fabrication is the greatest hoax in the history of american politics the only russian collusion was with hillary and the democrats !
2018 is being called “the year of the worker” by steve moore coauthor of “trumponomics” it was indeed a great year for the american worker with the “best job market in 50 years and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and hispanics and all workers big wage gains”
the mueller angry democrats recently deleted approximately 19000 text messages between fbi agent lisa page and her lover agent peter s these texts were asked for and invaluable to the truth of the witch hunt hoax this is a total obstruction of justice all texts demanded !
i totally agree ! 
the reason the daca for wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th circuit allowed daca to remain thereby setting up a supteme court case after ruling dems dropped deal  and that’s where we are today democrat obstruction of the needed wall
 @ flotus melania and i were honored to visit our incredible troops at al asad air base in iraq god bless the usa ! 
christmas eve briefing with my team working on north korea – progress being made looking forward to my next summit with chairman kim ! 
america is respected again !
will be having lunch in white house residence with large group concerning border security
today it was my honor to sign into law hr 7213 the “countering weapons of mass destruction act of 2018” the act redesignates the  @ dhsgov domestic nuclear detection office as the countering weapons of mass destruction office read more :  
i’ve done more damage to isis than all recent presidentsnot even close !
shutdown today if democrats do not vote for border security !
“i’m proud of the president today to hear that he is declaring victory in syria” senator rand paul  “i couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision by definition this is the opposite of an obama decision senator mike lee
“trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the middle east”   @ ingrahamangle  so true thank you laura !
col jim carafano on  @ ingrahamangle “trump has made the middle east a better place when trump came into office isis was running amuck in the middle east over a million refugees poured into western europe  none of that is happening today that’s all due to trump”
after historic victories against isis it’s time to bring our great young people home ! 
congratulations to  @ marthamcsally on her appointment by governor  @ dougducey as the great new senator from arizona  i have no doubt she will do a fantastic job !
“president donald j trump’s commission on school safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers” read more :  
at the request of many i will be reviewing the case of a “us military hero” major matt golsteyn who is charged with murder he could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a terrorist bomb maker while overseas  @ petehegseth  @ fox news 
thank you to  @ timcook for agreeing to expand operations in the us and thereby creating thousands of jobs ! 
let’s not do a shutdown democrats  do what’s right for the american people ! 
today it was my honor to welcome our nation’s newly elected governors to the  @ whitehouse ! 
happy 382nd birthday  @ usnationalguard our entire nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365 we love you !  # guard382 
“i don’t care what you think of the presidentit cannot bleed over to the fbicomey is confirming there is bias in the fbi” chris swecker
“former fbi director james comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the democrats paid for that phony trump dossier”  @ loudobbs  details on tuesday night
“democrats can’t find a smocking gun tying the trump campaign to russia after james comey’s testimony no smocking gunno collusion”  @ fox news   that’s because there was no collusion so now the dems go to a simple private transaction wrongly call it a campaign contribution
on 245  occasions former fbi director james comey told house investigators he didn’t know didn’t recall or couldn’t remember things when asked opened investigations on 4 americans not 2  didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know christopher steele all lies !
it was my honor to attend today’s  # armynavygame in philadelphia a great game played all around by our heroes congratulations  @ armywpfootball on the win ! 
watched da nang dick blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in vietnam which he never saw as the bullets whizzed by da nang dicks head as he was saving soldiers
i am pleased to announce my nomination of fourstar general mark milley chief of staff of the united states army – as the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff replacing general joe dunford who will be retiring
totally clears the president thank you !
i am pleased to announce that heather nauert spokeswoman for the united states department of state will be nominated to serve as united nations ambassador i want to congratulate heather and thank ambassador nikki haley for her great service to our country !
today we honor those who perished 77 years ago at pearl harbor and we salute every veteran who served in world war ii over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack god bless america ! 
robert mueller and leakin’ lyin’ james comey are best friends just one of many mueller conflicts of interest and bye the way wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting jerome corsi who i do not know in charge of “legal” at the corrupt clinton foundation ? a total witch hunt
trishregan :   “did the fbi follow protocol to obtain the fisa warrant ? i don’t think so the dossier was opposition research funded by opponents don’t use government resources to take down political foes weaponizing government for gain” is this really america ? witch hunt !
jerome corsi :  ”this is not justice this is not america this is a political prosecution the special prosecutor counsel to get this plea deal demanded i lie and violate the law they’re the criminals” he is not alone 17 angry dems people forced to lie sad trishregan
doug wead a truly great presidential historian had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history the funeral service today of president bush doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time !  @ loudobbs
china had agreed to start “immediately” buying us products”  @ business
china does not want tariffs !
the negotiations with china have already started unless extended they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with president xi in argentina bob lighthizer will be working closely with steve mnuchin larry kudlow wilbur ross and peter navarro
statement from president donald j trump and first lady melania trump on the passing of former president george hw bush 
great reviews on the usmca  sooo much better than nafta !
lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in russia put up zero money zero guarantees and didn’t do the project witch hunt !
“this demonstrates the robert mueller and his partisans have no evidence not a whiff of collusion between trump and the russians russian project legal trump tower meeting son don perfectly legal he wasn’t involved with hacking”     gregg jarrett  a total witch hunt !
as rnc chair ronna mcdaniel oversaw history defying gains in the senate and unprecedented fundraising strength i have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 reelect because there is no one better for the job !
with all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by  @ greggjarrett and  @ judgejeanine pirro their books both went to  # 1 go get them now the phony witch hunt is well explained !
 @ dbongino’s new book spygate :  the attempted sabotage of donald j trump is terrific he's tough he's smart and he really gets it his book is on sale now i highly recommend !
 @ stephenmoore and arthur laffer two very talented men have just completed an incredible book on my economic policies or as they call it  # trumponomics
steel dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the southwest that will create 600 goodpaying us jobs steel jobs are coming back to america just like i predicted congratulations to steel dynamics !
brenda snipes in charge of voting in broward county florida was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 i voted signs on it just kidding she is a fine very honorable and highly respected voting tactician !
polls are open in mississippi we need cindy hydesmith in washington go out and vote thanks !
starts today election is on december 4th  @ votebradraff is tough on crime and borders loves our military and vets he will be great for jobs !
clinton foundation donations drop 42  which shows that they illegally played the power game they monetized their political influence through the foundation “during her tenure the state department was put in the service of the clinton foundation”  andrew mccarthy
mississippi vote for  @ cindyhydesmith on tuesday respected by all we need her in washington ! thanks !
victor davis hanson was a very good and interesting guest of mark levin on  @ fox news  he wrote a highly touted book called “the second world wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “the case for trump” recommend both  @ marklevinshow
happy thanksgiving to all !
brutal and extended cold blast could shatter all records  whatever happened to global warming ?
“79 of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th circuit”  @ fox news   a terrible costly and dangerous disgrace it has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays much talk over dividing up the 9th circuit into 2 or 3 circuits too big !
“thank you to president trump on the border no american president has ever done this before” hector garza national border patrol council
great new book out “mad politics :  keeping your sanity in a world gone crazy” by  @ realdrgina loudon go out and get your copy today — a great read !
oil prices getting lower great ! like a big tax cut for america and the world enjoy ! $54 was just $82 thank you to saudi arabia but let’s go lower !
america first !
i hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the argentine submarine san juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors i look forward to hearing more from my friend president  @ mauriciomacri in argentina later this month
 @ cindyhydesmith loves mississippi and our great usa 
heading to california with  @ gopleader kevin mccarthy  @ replamalfa and  @ kencalvert look forward to being with our brave firefighters first responders and  @ fema along with the many brave people of california we are with you all the way – god bless you all !
thank you  @ jerrybrowngov look forward to joining you and  @ gavin news om tomorrow in california we are with you ! 
presidential medal of freedom 
 @ flotus melania and i were honored to visit with our great us marines at the marine barracks here in washington dc we love you  @ usmc  @ mbwdc ! 
make france great again !
hopefully saudi arabia and opec will not be cutting oil production oil prices should be much lower based on supply !
the prospect of presidential harassment by the dems is causing the stock market big headaches !
these california fires are expanding very very quickly in some cases 80100 acres a minute if people don’t evacuate quickly they risk being overtaken by the fire please listen to evacuation orders from state and local officials !
happy 243rd birthday to our great us marine corps ? 
mr whitaker is very highly thought of by  @ senjoniernst senator  @ chuckgrassley ambassador  @ terrybranstad leonard leo of federalist society and many more i feel certain he will make an outstanding acting attorney general !
matthew g whitaker is a highly respected former us attorney from iowa he was chosen by jeff sessions to be his chief of staff i did not know mr whitaker likewise as chief i did not know mr whitaker except primarily as he traveled with ag sessions no social contact
just out — in arizona signatures don’t match electoral corruption  call for a new election ? we must protect our democracy !
mayor gillum conceded on election day and now broward county has put him “back into play” bill nelson conceded election  now he’s back in play ! ? this is an embarrassment to our country and to democracy !
rick scott was up by 50000 votes on election day now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15000 votes “the broward effect” how come they never find republican votes ?
jeff flakey doesn’t want to protect the nonsenate confirmed special counsel he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job ! a weak and ineffective guy !
as soon as democrats sent their best election stealing lawyer marc elias to broward county they miraculously started finding democrat votes don’t worry florida  i am sending much better lawyers to expose the fraud !
 @ briankempga ran a great race in georgia – he won it is time to move on !
law enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with election fraud in  # broward and palm beach florida voted for rick scott !
according to nbc  news  voters nationwide disapprove of the socalled mueller investigation 46 more than they approve 41 you mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting witch hunt led by 17 angry democrats is all about !
ron desantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the governor of florida congratulations to ron and family !
unbelievably lucky to have him and i’m just awed at how well they’ve done it’s all the trump magic  trump is the magic man incredible he’s got the entire media against him attacking him every day and he pulls out these enormous wins” ben stein “the capitalist code”
congressman randy hultgren r of illinois is doing a great job get out and vote for randy  total endorsement !
florida very important  get out and vote for florida congressional candidate michael waltz r he has my strong endorsement !
a vote for claire mccaskill is a vote for schumer pelosi waters and their socialist agenda claire voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities  she would rather protect criminal aliens than american citizens which is why she needs to be voted out of office vote  @ hawleymo ! 
just landed in fort wayne indiana for a  # magarally at the allen county war memorial coliseum see everyone soon ! 
something’s happening america ! get out tomorrow and 
remember florida :  i have been president of the united states for almost two years during that time senator bill nelson didn’t call me once rick scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for florida did a great job on hurricanes vote scott !
if  @ andrewgillum did the same job with florida that he has done in tallahassee as mayor the state will be a crime ridden overtaxed mess  @ rondesantisfl will be a great governor vote ! !
thank you for joining us tonight in tennessee  @ theleegreenwood god bless the usa ! 
thank you macon georgia ! get out on tuesday november 6th and vote for  @ briankempga as your next governor to protect your jobs defend your borders fight for your values and continue making america great again ! 
on my way to macon georgia where the crowds are massive for a 4 pm e  # magarally will be in chattanooga tennessee tonight seen below for a 7 pm e rally something’s happening ! everyone needs to get out and vote ! 
wow  departing the white house shortly see you soon georgia !  # maga 
new fox poll shows a “40 approval rating by african americans for president trump a record for republicans” thank you a great honor !
unbelievable crowd in florida tonight get out and vote !  # maga ? 
if you want to protect criminal aliens – vote democrat if you want to protect lawabiding americans – vote republican ! 
another fantastic  # magarally tonight in the great state of florida in just 3 days the people of florida are going to elect  @ scottforflorida and  @ rondesantisfl to protect your jobs defend your borders and continue making america  great again ! 
lake okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for rick scott who called endlessly on behalf of the people of florida vote  @ scottforflorida !
rumor has it that senator joe donnelly of indiana is paying for facebook ads for his socalled opponent on the libertarian ticket donnelly is trying to steal the election ? isn’t that what russia did ! ?
if chuck schumer and nancy pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore jobkilling regulations shut down your coal mines and timber mills take away your healthcare impose socialism and erase your borders vote for  @ mattformontana and  @ gregformontana ! 
new york get out and vote for  @ johnfasony a great and hardworking congressman we need john’s voice in dc his opponent just moved to the area  is proiran and antiisrael vote for john has my strong endorsement !
get out and vote for  @ deanheller ! 
thank you to  @ petehegseth and  @ katiepavlich for your nice and very wise statements on the economy you both really get it !  @ foxandfriends
heading to montana and florida today ! everyone is excited about the jobs numbers  250000 new jobs in october also wages rising wow !
indiana rally and coach bobby knight were incredible last night packed house in honor of mike braun for senate mike will be a great senator don’t forget to vote !
congresswoman maxine waters was called the most corrupt member of congress !  @ fox news  if dems win she would be put in charge of our country’s finances the beginning of the end !
massive  # magarally ?tonight in indiana thank you everyone get out and 
republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for lawabiding americans – not criminal aliens and republicans will always stand with the heroes of  @ icegov  @ cbp and law enforcement ! 
i need the people of west virginia to send a message to chuck schumer maxine waters nancy pelosi and the radical democrats by voting for carol miller and patrick morrisey !
thank you west virginia ! 
wow ! the us added 250000 jobs in october  and this was despite the hurricanes unemployment at 37 wages up ! these are incredible numbers keep it going vote republican !
i love you missouri ! under republican leadership america is booming america is thriving and america is winning  because we are finally putting america first get out and vote josh  @ hawleymo for the united states senate !  # maga ? 
on my way to columbia missouri for a  # magarally look forward to seeing everyone soon ! 
illegal immigration affects the lives of all americans illegal immigration hurts american workers burdens american taxpayers undermines public safety and places enormous strain on local schools hospitals and communities
thank you to rick breckenridge and congratulations to matt rosendale  @ mattformontana this is very big  see you in montana on saturday ! tickets :  
thank you florida ! get out and vote republican !  # maga ?
harry reid when he was sane agreed with us on birthright citizenship ! 
“donald trump has made good on his promises and it drives democrats crazy !” brad blakeman  @ fox news 
congressman  @ kevinyoder has fought hard for the people of kansas highly respected strong on crime the border military vets and second amendment kevin has my total endorsement !
just out :  consumer confidence hits highest level since 2000
congressman andy barr of kentucky who just had a great debate with his nancy pelosi run opponent has been a winner for his state strong on crime the border tax cuts military vets and 2nd amendment we need andy in dc he has my strong endorsement !
 @ erikpaulsen  @ jason2cd  @ jimhagedornmn and  @ petestauber love our country and the great state of minnesota they are winners and always get the job done we need them all in congress for  # maga border military vets 2nd a go vote minnesota they have my strong endorsement !
congressman  @ davebratva7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for virginia and for our country border military vets 2nd amendment and all else we need dave in dc he has my strong endorsement !
 @ erikpaulsen  @ jason2cd  @ jimhagedornmn and  @ petestauber love our country and the great state of minnesota they are winners and always get the job done we need them all in congress for  # maga border military vets 2nd a go vote minnesota they have my strong endorsement !
congresswoman  @ cathymcmorris of washington state is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in congress we need her badly in dc to keep building on  # maga she has my strong endorsement !
congressman  @ rodblum of iowa got a desperately needed flood wall for cedar rapids that was almost impossible to get he makes a big difference for iowa ! border military vets etc we need rod in dc he has my strong endorsement !
 @ erikpaulson  @ jasonlewis  @ jimhagedornmn and  @ petestauber love our country and the great state of minnesota they are winners and always get the job done we need them all in congress for  # maga border military vets 2nd a go vote minnesota they have my strong endorsement !
 @ troybalderson is doing a great job as congressman from ohio we need him in dc vote for troy  he has my total endorsement !
 @ troybalderson is doing a great job as congressman from ohio we need him in dc vote for troy  he has my total endorsement !
so revealing ! 
great job being done by congressman keith rothfus of pennsylvania thank you keith !
thank you to steve rogers fbi joint terror task force ret for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to law enforcement  @ judgejeanine
very interesting ! 
watching the events unfolding in pittsburgh pennsylvania law enforcement on the scene people in squirrel hill area should remain sheltered looks like multiple fatalities beware of active shooter god bless all !
budd and mark two great patriots for congress ! 
thank you charlie ! 
trump thunders at media for smearing his supporters after bomb scares 
fantastic evening in charlotte north carolina with great patriots get out and vote for  @ buddforcongress and  @ markharrisnc9 ! 
in 1983 roughly 1800 marines were in beirut to keep the peace in a nation torn apart by civil war terrorists had bombed the us embassy earlier that year killing 63 people including 17 americans 
we are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty 35 years ago 241 american service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our marine barracks in beirut lebanon today we honor our fallen heroes 
just spoke with prime minister  @ giuseppeconteit of italy concerning many subjects including the fact that italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration
spoke with french president  @ emmanuelmacron this morning discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to paris where  @ flotus melania and i will attend the armistice day centennial commemoration !
“remarks by president trump on a year of historic progress and action to combat the opioid crisis” 
just leaving wisconsin  @ scottwalker and  @ leahvukmir are fantastic people badly needed for our country !  # maga 
just arrived in wisconsin to help two great people  @ scottwalker and  @ leahvukmir ! 
republicans will totally protect people with preexisting conditions democrats will not ! vote republican
brian kemp will be a great governor of georgia stacey abrams will destroy the state sooooo important get out and vote for brian !
i agree with president obama 100 ! 
congressman john faso of new york has worked hard and smart strong on crime borders and our 2nd amendment john is respected by all vote for john he has my complete and total endorsement !
today’s democrat party would rather protect criminal aliens than american citizens  which is why the democrats must be voted out of office !  # jobsnotmobs 
massive crowds inside and outside of the  @ toyotacenter in houston texas landing shortly  see everyone soon !  # maga ?
last day to register to vote in alabama california south dakota and wyoming !  # jobsnotmobs 
wow  thank you houston texas ! i am departing  @ andrewsjba now see you in a few hours !  # maga ? 
“america :  the cleanest air in the world  by far !” 
big night in texas !
congressman tom reed of new york’s 23rd district has done a great job he has my complete and total endorsement !
ron  @ rondesantisfl desantis had a great debate victory tonight against andrew gillum a mayor who presides over one of the worst run and most corrupt cities in florida ron will build on the great job done by governor rick scott gillum will make florida the next venezuela !
watched north dakota’s rep kevin cramer easily win debate with senator heidi heitkamp great job kevin you will be a great senator !
beautiful evening in mesa arizona with great patriots  thank you ! 
this was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in mesa arizona ! 
secretary of state mike pompeo was never given or shown a transcript or video of the saudi consulate event fake  news  !
congressman andy biggs is doing a great job for arizona and our country ! 
will be landing soon looking forward to seeing our next senator from montana matt rosendale he will represent our country well far better than jon tester who will vote with cryin’ chuck schumer and nancy pelosi  never with us !
look forward to being there something’s happening !  # maga 
 @ statedept  @ secpompeo outside of the west wing after our meeting this morning in the oval office 
secretary of state mike pompeo returned last night from saudi arabia and turkey i met with him this morning wherein the saudi situation was discussed in great detail including his meeting with
this afternoon it was my great honor to present  @ usmc sergeant major john canley the medal of honor in the east room of the  @ whitehouse ! 
congressman neal dunn  @ dunncampaign of florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with  # maga now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild strong on crime strong on borders loves our military and our vets neal has my highest endorsement !
“president donald j trump is following through on his promise to cut burdensome red tape and unleash the american economy”read more :  
“network  news  gave zero coverage to the big day the stock market had yesterday”  @ foxandfriends
stock market up 548 points today also great jobs numbers !
“conflict between glen simpson’s testimony to another house panel about his contact with justice department official bruce ohr ohr was used by simpson and steele as a back channel to get fake dossier to fbi simpson pleading fifth” catherine herridge where is jeff sessions ?
“federal judge throws out stormy danials lawsuit versus trump trump is entitled to full legal fees”  @ fox news  great now i can go after horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the great state of texas she will confirm the letter she signed ! she knows nothing about me a total con !
incredible number just out 7036000 job openings astonishing  it’s all working ! stock market up big on tremendous potential of usa also strong profits we are number one in world by far !
“oped praises trump administrations efforts at the border”  @ fox news   the  washington examiner states “finally the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers” this was done by the obama administration !
pocahontas the bad version sometimes referred to as elizabeth warren is getting slammed she took a bogus dna test and it showed that she may be 1/1024 far less than the average american now cherokee nation denies her “dna test is useless” even they don’t want her phony !
open enrollment starts today on lowerpriced medicare advantage plans so loved by our great seniors crazy bernie and his band of congressional dems will outlaw these plans disaster !
thank you ! 
on my way to richmond kentucky for a make america great again rally at 7 : 00 pm e the crowds are once again massive see everyone in a couple of hours !  # maga 
beautiful make america great again rally in lebanon ohio thank you !  # icymi watch here :  
happy  # nationalfarmersday ! with the recent  # usmca our great farmers will do better than ever before ! 
promises made promises kept ! 
register to vote ! 
pastor brunson just released will be home soon !
working very hard on pastor brunson !
thank you to  @ fema and all first responders !  # hurricanemichael 
thank you erie pennsylvania ! remember to get out and vote !  # maga ? 
despite so many positive events and victories media reseach center reports that 92 of stories on donald trump are negative on abc cbs and abc it is fake  news  ! don’t worry the failing new york times didn’t even put the brett kavanaugh victory on the front page yesterdaya17 !
beautiful evening in iowa god bless the usa !  # maga ? 
 @ flgovscott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from lake okeechobee  we will solve this ! congress must follow through on the government’s plan on the everglades reservoir bill nelson has been no help !
register to vote ! 
great to see  @ agpambondi launch a cuttingedge statewide school safety app in florida today  named by parkland survivors big priority and florida is getting it done !  # fortifyfl
it was my great honor to address the international association of chiefs of police annual convention in orlando florida thank you !  # iacp2018  # lesm 
departing washington dc for the international association of chiefs of police annual convention in orlando florida look forward to seeing everyone soon !  # iacp2018 
 @ secpompeo had a good meeting with chairman kim today in pyongyang progress made on singapore summit agreements ! i look forward to seeing chairman kim again in the near future 
very proud of the us senate for voting “yes” to advance the nomination of judge brett kavanaugh !
just out :  37 unemployment is the lowest number since 1969 !
just made my second stop in minnesota for a make america great again rally we need to elect  @ karinhousley to the us senate and we need the strong leadership of  @ tomemmer  @ jason2cd  @ jimhagedornmn and  @ petestauber in the us house !
congressman bishop is doing a great job ! he helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for everyone ! nancy pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending !
statement on national strategy for counterterrorism :  
just spoke to presidentelect andres manuel lopez obrador of mexico great call we will work well together !
blowout numbers on new jobs and separately services market up !
congressman  @ petesessions of texas is a true fighter and patriot highly respected in dc by all he always gets what his district and our country wants and needs strong on crime border military vets and 2nd amendment pete has my full and total endorsement a great guy !
today my administration provided historic levels of funding to improve school safety through stop school violence grants – a top priority for  @ sandyhook i am committed to keeping our children safe in their schools !
“national wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months  and according to a new study released by glassdoor it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon” 
“usmca wins praise as a victory for american industries and workers” ? ?
yesterday it was my great honor to present the medal of honor to ronald j shurer ii for his actions on april 6 2008 when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured soldiers read more :  
happy 7th birthday to tristan a very special member of the trump family !
wow  thank you tennessee ! 
 news  conference on the usmca this morning at 11 : 00  rose garden of white house
congratulations to mexico and canada !
just started tonight our 7th fbi investigation of judge brett kavanaugh he will someday be recognized as a truly great justice of the united states supreme court !
jobless claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years !
“these law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to president trump”  @ lindseygrahamsc
“consumer confidence rose in september notching its highest level in about 18 years the consumer board's index rose to 1384 this month from 1347 in august” 
“remarks by president trump to the 73rd session of the united nations general assembly”  ? ?
rush limbaugh to republicans :  “you can kiss the midterms goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified kavanaugh approved”
thank you mark ! 
republican party favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years  3 points higher than democrats !  gallup
remember the midterms !
it was my great honor to welcome president  @ emmanuelmacron of france to the united states here in new york city this evening !  # unga 
it was my great honor to welcome president  @ alsisiofficial of egypt to the united states this afternoon in new york city great meetings !  # unga 
joint statement on the united stateskorea free trade agreement :  
brett kavanaugh and his wife ashley will be interviewed tonight at 7 pm e on  @ marthamaccallum  @ fox news  this is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly !
it was my great honor to welcome and meet with president  @ moonriver365 jaein of south korea today in new york city ! 
today we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together !  # unga 
tiger is playing great looks like a big win could happen very exciting !  @ tigerwoods
god bless the usa ! 
remarks by president trump at the signing of hr 5895 :  
promises kept for our great veterans ! 
i will chair the united nations security council meeting on iran next week !
america is winning again ! 
landing in las vegas now for a make america great again rally supporting  @ deanheller and  @ dannytarkanian also doing interview there with  @ seanhannity live on  @ fox news  big crowd long lines will be great !  # maga
on my way to las vegas nevada look forward to seeing everyone tonight !  # maga 
 @ jaywebbernj is running for congress in the 11th district of new jersey he is outstanding in every way strong on borders loves our military and our vets big crime fighter jay has my full and total endorsement !
the thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the border because of the democrats historic level of obstruction” senator david perdue of georgia
“we can’t secure the border because of the democrats historic level of obstruction the presidents fed up with this his agenda is working the economy is growing at twice the rate it did under obama we’ve nominated and confirmed 68 federal judges 26 court of appeals judges
it was impossible  and then already it’s over 4 and i expect it’s going to grow faster and faster we’re just getting started here” peter ferrara former advisor to president reagan  @ foxandfriends
returned home to the united states also north and south korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 olympics very exciting !
kim jong un has agreed to allow nuclear inspections subject to final negotiations and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts in the meantime there will be no rocket or nuclear testing hero remains to continue being
today it was my great honor to welcome  @ prezydentpl andrzej duda of poland to the  @ whitehouse ! 
happy 71st birthday to our great united states air force ! 
it was my great honor to host today’s inaugural meeting of the “president’s national council for the american worker” in the roosevelt room ! read more :  
americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you ! i support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the senate to act  # americanpatientsfirst
immediately after comey’s firing peter strzok texted to his lover lisa page “we need to open the case we’ve been waiting on now while andy mccabe also fired is acting page answered “we need to lock in redacted in a formal chargeable way soon” wow a conspiracy caught ?
“lisa page testimony no evidence of collusion before mueller appointment”  @ fox news  by catherine herridge therefore the case should never have been allowed to be brought it is a totally illegal witch hunt !
consumer sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year sentiment fell 11 in 2015 an obama year and rose 16 since the election  # trumptime !
best economic numbers in decades if the democrats take control kiss your newfound wealth goodbye !
just watched sunday morning futures with  @ mariabartiromo on  @ fox news  this show is mandatory watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the russian hoax it will be rebroadcast this evening at 6 : 00  pm  on  @ foxbusiness a must see !
exclusive  donald trump jr to obama :  my dad fixed the economy you could not 
 @ dannytarkanian of nevada is a great friend who supports the trump agenda he is strong on crime the border and our under siege 2nd amendment danny loves our military and our vets he has my total and complete endorsement !
thank you brock – it is my honor !“we  @ fema have never had the support that we have had from this president” administrator  @ femabrock
“when trump visited the island territory last october officials told him in a briefing 16 people had died from maria” the washington post this was long after the hurricane took place over many months it went to 64 people then like magic “3000 people killed” they hired
“the story of puerto rico is the rebuilding that has occurred the president has done an extraordinary job of cleanup rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else”   @ edrollins   “the people of puerto rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country”  @ loudobbs
incredible job being done by fema first responders law enforcement and all thank you !
gina is great ! 
“middleclass income hits alltime high !”  @ foxandfriends  and will continue to rise unless the dems get in and destroy what we have built
tonight it was my great honor to host a congressional medal of honor society reception at the  @ whitehouse ! 
it is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders this storm is extremely dangerous be safe !  # hurricaneflorence 
“i can say as it relates to the senate intelligence committee investigation that we have no hard evidence of collusion”  richard burr rnc senate intelligence committee chairman
crazy maxine waters :  “after we impeach trump we’ll go after mike pence we’ll get him”   @ fox news   where are the democrats coming from ? the best economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control !
small business optimism soars to highest level ever  breitbart 
rudy giuliani did a great job as mayor of nyc during the period of september 11th his leadership bravery and skill must never be forgotten rudy is a true warrior !
“eric holder could be running the justice department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is”  @ loudobbs
was just briefed via phone by  @ dhsgov  @ secnielsen and  @ fema  @ femabrock along with  @ vp mike pence and chief of staff john kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous heed the directions of your state and local officials  and know that we are here for you be safe ! 
“it is mostly anonymous sources in here why should anyone trust you ? general mattis general kelly said it’s not true”  @ savannahguthrie   @ todayshow  bob woodward is a liar who is like a dem operative prior to the midterms he was caught cold even by nbc
the gdp rate 42 is higher than the unemployment rate 39 for the first time in over 100 years !
north korea has just staged their parade celebrating 70th anniversary of founding without the customary display of nuclear missiles theme was peace and economic develo pm ent “experts believe that north korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show president trump
“trump has set economic growth on fire during his time in office the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible gdp is growing at a 3 percentplus rate the unemployment rate is near a 50 year low” cnbcalso the stock market is up almost 50 since election !
“barack obama talked a lot about hope but donald trump delivered the american dream all the economic indicators what’s happening overseas donald trump has proven to be far more successful than barack obama president trump is delivering the american dream” jason chaffetz
“barrack obama talked a lot about hope but donald trump delivered the american dream all the economic indicators what’s happening overseas donald trump has proven to be far more successful than barrack obama president trump is delivering the american dream” jason chaffetz
dave hughes is running for congress in the great state of minnesota he will help us accomplish our america first policies is strong on crime the border our 2nd amendmen trade military and vets running against pelosi liberal puppet petterson dave has my total endorsement !
14 days for $28 million  $2 million a day no collusion a great day for america !
under our horrible immigration laws the government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions house gop just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons crazy dems opposed need to get this bill to my desk fast !
landing in montana now to support matt rosendale for us senate !  # maga 
look forward to seeing everyone in montana tonight !  # maga 
“the record is quite remarkable the president has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016 people should focus on the results and they’re extraordinary !”  james freeman  wall street journal
kim jong un of north korea proclaims “unwavering faith in president trump” thank you to chairman kim we will get it done together !
the failing new york times ! 
join me tomorrow night at 7 : 00 pm  mdt in billings montana for a make america great again rally ! get your tickets here :  
thank you general kelly book is total fiction ! 
the trump economy is booming with help of house and senate gop  # farmbill with snap work  requirements will bolster farmers and get america back to work pass the farm bill with snap work requirements !
the woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by general secretary of defense james mattis and general chief of staff john kelly their quotes were made up frauds a con on the public likewise other stories and quotes woodward is a dem operative ? notice timing ?
statement from white house chief of staff general john kelly :  
jon kyl will be an extraordinary senator representing an extraordinary state arizona i look forward to working with him !
everyone in the path of  # gordon please heed the advice of state and local officials and follow  @ nhcatlantic for updates the federal government stands ready to assist be safe ! 
according to the failing new york times the fbi started a major effort to flip putin loyalists in 20142016 “it wasn’t about trump he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet”  rigged witch hunt !
“no information was ever given by the trump team to russia yet the hillary clinton campaign paid for information from kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary christopher steele”  jesse waters
no deal ! trade talks with canada conclude for the week with no agreement  breitbart 
“you have a fake dossier gathered by steele paid by the clinton team to get information on trump the dossier is fake nothing in it has been verified it then filters into our american court system in order to spy on barrack obama and hillary clinton’s political opponent
“i think today what has happened is that  news  reporting has become part of the adversary system” alan dershowitz  it has become tainted and corrupt ! djt
 @ rasmussenpoll just came out at 48 approval rate despite the constant and intense fake  news  higher than election day and higher than president obama rasmussen was one of the most accurate election day polls !
wow nellie ohr bruce ohr’s wife is a russia expert who is fluent in russian she worked for fusion gps where she was paid a lot collusion ! bruce was a boss at the department of justice and is unbelievably still there !
watch :  kanye west says trump wants to be the ‘greatest president’ for black americans 
“lanny davis admits being anonymous source in cnn report”  @ bretbaier  oh well so much for cnn saying it wasn’t lanny no wonder their ratings are so low it’s fake  news  !
how the hell is bruce ohr still employed at the justice department ? disgraceful !  witch hunt !
consumer confidence index just out is the highest in 18 years ! also gdp revised upward to 42 from 41 our country is doing great !
“hillary clinton and the dnc paid for information from the russian government to use against her government  there’s no doubt about that !”  @ tuckercarlson
martha mcsally running in the arizona primary for us senate was endorsed by rejected senator jeff flakeand turned it down  a first ! now martha a great us military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of congress wins big congratulations and on to november !
new poll  a majority of americans think that john brennan and james comey should have their security clearances revoked not surprised !  @ fox news 
add the 2026 world cup to our long list of accomplishments !
report just out :  “china hacked hillary clinton’s private email server” are they sure it wasn’t russia just kidding ! ? what are the odds that the fbi and doj are right on top of this ? actually a very big story much classified information !
congratulations to governor rick scott of florida on his conclusive republican primary win he will be a great senator !
“president trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades”   @ loudobbs
vote for ron ! 
 @ flotus melania and i were honored to welcome the president of the republic of kenya  @ ukenyatta and mrs margaret kenyatta to the  @ whitehouse today ! 
“mainstream media tries to rewrite history to credit obama for trump accomplishments since president trump took office the economy is booming the stronger the economy gets the more desperate his critics are o had weakest recovery since great depression”  @ washtimes
fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on friday stock market hits all time high !
stock market hit all time high on friday congratulations usa !
“the fbi only looked at 3000 of 675000 crooked hillary clinton emails” they purposely didn’t look at the disasters this  news  is just out  @ fox news 
jeff sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position highly conflicted bob mueller and his gang of 17 angry dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched no collusion !
great  # statedinner2018 in ohio tonight ! together we are making america great again ! 
congratulations to new australian prime minister scott morrison there are no greater friends than the united states and australia !
exnsa contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information gee this is “small potatoes” compared to what hillary clinton did ! so unfair jeff double standard
 @ cindyhydesmith has helped me put america first ! she’s strong on the wall is helping me create jobs loves our vets and fights for our conservative judges
it was my great honor to host the foreign investment risk review modernization act roundtable today at the  @ whitehouse ! 
i have asked secretary of state  @ secpompeo to closely study the south africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers “south african government is now seizing land from white farmers”  @ tuckercarlson  @ fox news 
i have asked secretary of state  @ mikepompeo4usa to closely study the south africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers “south african government is now seizing land from white farmers”  @ tuckercarlson   @ fox news 
longest bull run in the history of the stock market congratulations america !
everyone in the path of  # hurricanelane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of state and local officials and follow  @ nwshonolulu for updates be safe ! 
thank you to democrat assemblyman dov hikind of new york for your very gracious remarks on  @ foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident nazi back to germany ! others worked on this for decades
making america great again ! 
just landed in west virginia big crowd looking forward to seeing everyone soon !  # maga
bill deblasio the high taxing mayor of nyc just stole my campaign slogan :  promises made  promises kept ! that’s not at all nice no imagination !  @ foxandfriends
even james clapper has admonished john brennan for having gone totally off the rails maybe clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his security clearance for lying to congress !
a blue wave means crime and open borders a red wave means safety and strength !
just watched former intelligence official phillip mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful  @ parisdennard over brennan’s security clearance dennard destroyed him but mudd is in no mental condition to have such a clearance should be revoked ?  @ seanhannity
“bruce ohr is at the center of false allegations which led to a multimillion dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen” darrell issa house oversight we can take out the word “apparently”   @ fox news 
will bruce ohr whose family received big money for helping to create the phony dirty and discredited dossier ever be fired from the jeff sessions  “justice” department ? a total joke !
no collusion and no obstruction except by crooked hillary and the democrats all of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted bob mueller refuses to even look in that direction what about the brennan comey mccabe strzok lies to congress or crooked’s emails !
i allowed white house counsel don mcgahn and all other requested members of the white house staff to fully cooperate with the special counsel in addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents most transparent in history no collusion no obstruction witch hunt !
i allowed white house counsel don mcgahn and all other requested members of the white house staff to fully cooperate with the special councel in addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents most transparent in history no collusion no obstruction witch hunt !
financial gain is a federal gratuity statute violation bribery statute violation honest services violationall major crimesbecause the doj is run by blank jeff sessions”  gregg jarrett  so when does mueller do what must be done ? probably never !  @ fox news 
“fox  news  has learned that bruce ohr wrote christopher steele following the firing of james comey saying that he was afraid the antitrump russia probe will be exposed”  charles payne   @ foxbusiness   how much more does mueller have to see ? they have blinders on  rigged !
which is worse hightax andrew cuomo's statement “we’re not going to make america great again it was never that great” or hillary clinton’s “deplorables” statement
just announced youth unemployment is at a 50 year low foxandfriends
released in 2017 if his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office it constitutes an intelligence breach”  richard burr rnc senate intel cmte chair   @ loudobbs
“director brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the trump campaign colluded with a foreign power if director brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the cia why didn’t he include it in the intelligence community assessment
how can “senator” richard blumenthal who went around for twenty years as a connecticut politician bragging that he was a great marine war hero in vietnam then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a marine nor ever in vietnam pass judgement on anyone ? loser !
 @ tuckercarlson speaking of john brennan :  “how did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be cia director in the first place ?” now that is a really good question ! then followed by “richard blumenthal of connecticut is a fake war hero” so true a total fake !
“while steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets he also asked for help with a russian oligarch”  catherine herridge of  @ fox news    @ loudobbs  in other words they were colluding with russia !
“i’d strip the whole bunch of them they’re all corrupt they’ve all abused their power they’ve all betrayed the american people with a political agenda they tried to steal and influence an election in the united states”  @ seanhannity
“hillary clinton clearly got a pass by the fbi we have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame donald trump” concerning the rigged witch hunt joe digenova former us attorney
“john brennan is a stain on the country we deserve better than this” former secret service agent and author of new book “spygate the attempted sabotage of donald j trump” dan bongino thank you dan and good luck with the book !
happy birthday to the leader of the democrat party maxine waters !
“the action the strzok firing was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as comey’s skinny inner circle”  chris swecker former fbi assistant director
great republican election results last night so far we have the team we want 8 for 9 in special elections red wave !
“hope and change in an alabama coal mine” 
lou dobbs :  “this cannot go forwardthis special counsel with all of his conflicts with his 17 angry democrats without any evidence of collusion by the trump campaign and russia the dems are the ones who should be investigated” thank you lou so true !
strzok started the illegal rigged witch hunt  why isn’t this socalled “probe” ended immediately ? why aren’t these angry and conflicted democrats instead looking at crooked hillary ?
“they were all in on it clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump for things he didn’t do” gregg jarrett on  @ foxandfriends  if we had a real attorney general this witch hunt would never have been started ! looking at the wrong people
bruce ohr of the “justice” department can you believe he is still there is accused of helping disgraced christopher steele “find dirt on trump” ohr’s wife nelly was in on the act big time  worked for fusion gps on fake dossier  @ foxandfriends
lou dobbs :  “this cannot go forwardthis special councel with all of his conflicts with his 17 angry democrats without any evidence of collusion by the trump campaign and russia the dems are the ones who should be investigated” thank you lou so true !
just landed at fort drum new york looking forward to making a speech about our great heroes !
just fired agent strzok formerly of the fbi was in charge of the crooked hillary clinton sham investigation it was a total fraud on the american public and should be properly redone !
the very unpopular governor of ohio and failed presidential candidate  @ johnkasich hurt troy balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate even kasich’s lt governor lost gov race because of his unpopularity credit to troy on the big win !
bikers for trump at bedminster earlier today thank you ! 
i have just authorized a doubling of tariffs on steel and aluminum with respect to turkey as their currency the turkish lira slides rapidly downward against our very strong dollar ! aluminum will now be 20 and steel 50 our relations with turkey are not good at this time !
 @ mariabartiromo  “no evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between donald trump and the russians  and here we are a year and a half later”
 @ lindseygrahamsc  “why didn’t the fbi tell president trump that they had concerns about carter page ? is there a double standard here ?” they told senator diane feinstein that she had a spy  but not trump is that entra pm ent or did they just want to use page as an excuse to spy ?
this is an illegally brought rigged witch hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted it was started and paid for by crooked hillary and the democrats phony dossier fisa disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired 17 angry dems ? stay tuned !
congratulations to troy balderson on a great win in ohio a very special and important race !
ohio vote today for troy balderson for congress his opponent controlled by nancy pelosi is weak on crime the border military vets your 2nd amendment  and will end your tax cuts troy will be a great congressman  # maga
john james is a potential republican star who has a senate primary election tomorrow in michigan if he becomes the republican candidate he will beat the open borders weak on crime democrat debbie stabenow vote for john james and make america great again !
a law firm eventually kremlin connected sources to gather info on donald trump collusion is very real with russia but only with hillary and the democrats and we should demand a full investigation” dan bongino on  @ foxandfriends  looking forward to the new ig report !
danny o’connor is a total puppet for nancy pelosi and maxine waters – danny wants to raise your taxes open your borders and take away your 2nd amendment vote for troy on tuesday !
heading to ohio !
congratulations to gregg jarrett on his book “the russia hoax the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” going to  # 1 on  @ nytimes and amazon it is indeed a hoax and witch hunt illegally started by people who have already been disgraced great book !
great photo from ocean city maryland thank you make america great again ! 
july is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4 our economy has added 37 million jobs since i won the election 41 gdp more than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform $400 billion brought back from “overseas”  @ fox news 
incredibly beautiful ceremony as us korean war remains are returned to american soil thank you to honolulu and all of our great military participants on a job well done a special thanks to vice president mike pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute !
join me tomorrow night at 7 pm e in wilkesbarre township pennsylvania for a make america great again rally ! tickets :  
“we already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was hillary clinton how is it ok for hillary clinton to proactively seek dirt from the russians but the trump campaign met at the russians request and that is bad ?” marc thiessen washington post
russian collusion with the trump campaign one of the most successful in history is a total hoax the democrats paid for the phony and discredited dossier which was along with comey mccabe strzok and his lover the lovely lisa page used to begin the witch hunt disgraceful !
congressman david kustoff has been a champion for the trump agenda  i greatly appreciate his support david is strong on crime and borders loves our military vets and second amendment get out and vote for david on thursday august 2nd he has my full and total endorsement !
one of the reasons we need great border security is that mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27 to 31174 people killed a record ! the democrats want open borders i want maximum border security and respect for ice and our great law enforcement professionals !  @ fox news 
making america great again ! 
a highly respected federal judge today stated that the “trump administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families thank you and please look at the previous administrations record  not good !
congratulations to judge jeanine on the tremendous success of her new  # 1 bestselling book “liars leakers and liberals – the case against the antitrump conspiracy !”
your social security and medicare ! cast your early vote or vote on august 7th election day he has my full and total endorsement !
congratulations to general john kelly today we celebrate his first full year as  @ whitehouse chief of staff ! 
it is my great honor to welcome prime minister  @ giuseppeconteit of italy to the  @ whitehouse ! join us at 2 : 00 pm e for our joint press conference :  
there is no collusion ! the robert mueller rigged witch hunt headed now by 17 increased from 13 including an obama white house lawyer angry democrats was started by a fraudulent dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc therefore the witch hunt is an illegal scam !
wow highest poll numbers in the history of the republican party that includes honest abe lincoln and ronald reagan there must be something wrong please recheck that poll !
congressman david kustoff has been a champion for the trump agenda  i greatly appreciate his support david is strong on crime and borders loves our military vets and second amendment get out and vote for david on thursday august 2nd he has my full and total endorsement !
private business investment has surged from 18 percent the year before i came into office to 94 percent this year  that means jobs jobs jobs ! 
we have accomplished an economic turnaround of historic proportions ! 
 @ johnjamesmi who is running in the republican primary in the great state of michigan is spectacular ! vote on august 7th rarely have i seen a candidate with such great potential west point graduate successful businessman and a african american leader
arrived back in washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major us steel plant in granite city illinois only to be greeted with the ridiculous  news  that the highly conflicted robert mueller and his gang of 13 angry democrats obviously cannot find collusion
called “the case against impeaching trump” which i would encourage all people with trump derangement syndrome to read !
this is great  on my way see you soon  @ iagovernor kim reynolds ! 
twitter “shadow banning” prominent republicans not good we will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once ! many complaints
obviously the european union as represented by  @ junckereu and the united states as represented by yours truly love each other ! 
on the heels of the very successful launch of the  @ whitehouse national council for the american worker congress should reauthorize  # perkinscte and ensure the american workforce remains stronger than ever !  # jobs  # workforce
i want to thank the  @ vfwhq for your devotion to our fallen heroes unknown soldiers prisoners of war those missing in action and their families  # vfwconvention 
”carter page wasn’t a spy wasn’t an agent of the russians  he would have cooperated with the fbi it was a fraud and a hoax designed to target trump” tom fitton  @ judicialwatch a disgrace to america they should drop the discredited mueller witch hunt now !
 @ petehegseth on  @ fox news   “source  # 1 was the fake dossier yes the dirty dossier paid for by democrats as a hit piece against trump and looking for information that could discredit candidate  # 1 trump carter page was just the foot to surveil the trump campaign” illegal !
congratulations to  @ judicialwatch and  @ tomfitton on being successful in getting the carter page fisa documents as usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the department of “justice” and fbi misled the courts witch hunt rigged a scam !
brian kemp who is running for governor of georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with vp  @ mikepence brian is very strong on crime and borders loves our military vets and the 2nd amendment he will be a great governor !
the rigged witch hunt headed by the 13 angry democrats and now 4 more have been added one who worked directly for obama wh seems intent on damaging the republican party’s chances in the november election this democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 election never ends !
farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years the price of soybeans has fallen 50 since 5 years before the election a big reason is bad terrible trade deals with other countries they put on massive tariffs and barriers canada charges 275 on dairy farmers will win !
really big jobs meeting today at the white house ! 3  pm 
thank you to congressman kevin yoder ! he secured $5 billion for border security now we need congress to support kevin has been strong on crime the border the 2nd amendment and he loves our military and vets  @ repkevinyoder has my full and total endorsement !
“a lot of democrats wished they voted for the tax cuts because the economy is booming  we could have 4 growth now and the fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again”   @ foxandfriends   @ kilmeade
thank you  @ randpaul “the president has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations  what’s he supposed to think ?”
thank you  @ randpaul you really get it ! “the president has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations  what’s he supposed think ?”
great success today at nato ! billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election great spirit !
a very nice note from chairman kim of north korea great progress being made ! 
“trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment in june for instance the unemployment rate for hispanics and latinos 16 years and older fell to 46 its lowest level ever from 49 in may” 
exfbi layer lisa page today defied a house of representatives issued subpoena to testify before congress ! wow but is anybody really surprised !  together with her lover fbi agent peter strzok she worked on the rigged witch hunt perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case ever !
i am in brussels but always thinking about our farmers soy beans fell 50 from 2012 to my election farmers have done poorly for 15 years other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses i will open
just talked with pfizer ceo and  @ secazar on our drug pricing blueprint pfizer is rolling back price hikes so american patients don’t pay more we applaud pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same great  news  for the american people !
informing the republican senators of my nomination of judge brett kavanaugh  # scotus 
i am on air force one flying to nato and hear reports that the fbi lovers peter strzok and lisa page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the rigged witch hunt headed by 13 angry democrats and people that worked for obama for 8 years total disgrace !
nato countries must pay more the united states must pay less very unfair !
tonight it was my honor and privilege to nominate judge brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme court  # scotus 
happy 100th birthday to our amazing current and former army warrant officers thank you for your century of service as the indispensable guardians of our great  @ usarmy’s technology !  # centuryofservice 
looking forward to announcing my final decision on the united states supreme court justice at 9 : 00 pm e tomorrow night at the  @ whitehouse an exceptional person will be chosen !
congress  fix our insane immigration laws now !
happy fourth of julyour country is doing great !
thank you  @ wvgovernor jim justice for that warm introduction tonight it was my great honor to attend the “greenbrier classic – salute to service dinner” in west virginia ! god bless our veterans god bless america  and happy independence day to all ! 
just arrived in west virginia ! 
heading to west virginia to be with my friend  @ wvgovernor jim justice at his beautiful greenbrier resort he works hard does a great job and raises lots of money for charities !
wow ! the nsa has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages privacy violations ? they blame technical irregularities such a disgrace the witch hunt continues !
today it was my great honor to welcome prime minister mark rutte of the netherlands to the  @ whitehouse ! 
six months after our tax cuts more than 6 million workers have received bonuses pay raises and retirement account contributions # taxcutsandjobsact 
i am in milwaukee wisconsin for meetings soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for foxconn which is building a great new electronics plant in wisconsin 15000 jobs so great !
amy kremer women for trump was so great on  @ foxandfriends brave and very smart thank you amy !  @ amykremer
lover fbi agent peter strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and according to most reports refused to answer many questions there was no collusion and the witch hunt headed by 13 angry democrats and others who are totally conflicted is rigged !
thank you north dakota together we are making america safe and great again !  # maga 
today it was my great honor to welcome president marcelo rebelo de sousa of portugal to the  @ whitehouse ? ? ? 
the legendary gary player at turnberry in scotland ! 
a great first lady ! 
the democrats are in turmoil ! open borders and unchecked crime a certain way to lose elections republicans are for strong borders no crime ! a big night !
congratulations to governor henry mcmaster on your big election win ! south carolina loves you we are all proud of you and peggy !  @ henrymcmaster
today we tell the story of an incredible hero who defended our nation in world war two – first lieutenant garlin murl conner although he died 20 years ago today he takes his rightful place in the eternal chronicle of american valor
thank you south carolina now let’s get out tomorrow and vote for  @ henrymcmaster ! 
just landed in south carolina  will be at the mcmaster rally shortly !  # maga
why is senator mark warner dva perhaps in a near drunken state claiming he has information that only he and bob mueller the leader of the 13 angry democrats on a witch hunt knows ? isn’t this highly illegal is it being investigated ?
“director david lynch :  trump could go down as one of the greatest presidents” 
will be heading to one of my favorite places south carolina to fight for one of my original “fighters” governor henry mcmaster speaking at 7 : 00  pm 
happy birthday to supreme court justice clarence thomas a friend and great man ! 
 @ vp pence is heading to pittsburgh pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around congressman keith  @ rothfusforpa he is running against  # lambthesham who is telling
drudge report  “obama kept them in cages wrapped them in foil” we do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a much stronger border ! mainstream fake media hates this story
the national association of manufacturers just announced that 951 of manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies”  this is the best number in the association’s history !
the russian witch hunt is rigged !
hope opec will increase output substantially need to keep prices down !
congresswoman martha roby of alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our make america great again agenda she is in a republican primary runoff against a recent nancy pelosi voting democrat i fully endorse martha for alabama 2nd congressional district !
our great judge jeanine pirro is out with a new book “liars leakers and liberals the case against the antitrump conspiracy” which is fantastic go get it !
“i really don’t care do u ?” written on the back of melania’s jacket refers to the fake  news  media melania has learned how dishonest they are and she truly no longer cares !
the real big story that affects everybody in america is the success of  @ potus's tax cut package and what it's done for our economy”  @ varneyco 
my administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the southern border loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border democratsand that's what they are  they're extremist open border democrats 
henry mcmaster has done a great job as governor of south carolina the state is booming with jobs and new industry setting records he is tough on crime and strong on borders healthcare the military and our great vets henry has my full and complete endrosement !  # maga
henry mcmaster has done a great job as governor of south carolina the state is booming with jobs and new industry setting records he is tough on crime and strong on borders health care the mititary and our great vets henry has my full and complete endorsement !  # maga
look what fake abc  news  put out i guess they had it prepared from the 13 angry democrats leading the witch hunt !  # stopthebias 
“fbi texts have revealed antitrump bias”  @ fox news   big  news  but the fake  news  doesn’t want to cover total corruption  the witch hunt has turned out to be a scam ! at some point soon the mainstream media will have to cover correctly too big a story !
earlier today  @ flotus melania and i were honored to welcome king felipe vi and queen letizia of spain to the  @ whitehouse ? ? ? 
if you don’t have borders you don’t have a country !
“the highest level of bias i’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer” trey gowdy on the fbi’s own peter strzok also remember that they all worked for slippery james comey and that comey is best friends with robert mueller a really sick deal isn’t it ?
witch hunt ! there was no russian collusion oh i see there was no russian collusion so now they look for obstruction on the no russian collusion the phony russian collusion was a made up hoax too bad they didn’t look at crooked hillary like this double standard !
daniel henninger of the wall street journal :  “this ig report makes it clear as did rod rosenstein’s memo that trump was absolutely justified unquestionably justified in firing jim comey so i think the mueller investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now”  witch hunt !
happy 243rd birthday to the  @ usarmy ! thank you for your bravery sacrifices and dedication to the usa we love you ! 
congratulations to danny tarkanian on his big gop primary win in nevada danny worked hard an got a great result looking good in november !
here is the video “a story of opportunity” that i shared with kim jongun at the  # singaporesummit ? ?
just won big supreme court decision on voting ! great  news  !
great day of meetings with prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan ! 
making america great again ! 
when will people start saying “thank you mr president for firing james comey ?”
looking forward to seeing my friend prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan at noon will be discussing north korea and trade
alan dershowitz harvard law professor :  “it all proves that we never needed a special counselall of this could have been done by the justice dept don’t need a multimillion dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back not the way justice should operate” so true !
alan dershowitz harvard law professor :  “it all proves that we never needed a special councelall of this could have been done by the justice dept don’t need a multimillion dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back not the way justice should operate” so true !
good luck to alice johnson have a wonderful life !
thank you to everyone at  @ fema hq for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported state managed and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build 
today we mark another milestone :  the 74th anniversary of  # dday the allied invasion of normandy on june 6 1944 more than 70000 brave young americans charged out of landing craft jumped out of airplanes and stormed into hell 
congratulations to dana rohrabacher on his big california win we are proud of you dana !
gold star father ceejay metcalf whose great son michael was just honored at the white house was fantastic this morning on  @ foxandfriends he is a special man !
the greatest witch hunt in political history !
great interview by  @ loudobbs with chris farrell of judicial watch concerning the governments counterintelligence operation into the trump campaign spygate at the highest level who would believe ?
the historic rescissions package we’ve proposed would cut $15000000000 in wasteful spending ! we are getting our government back on track
terrific new book out by the wonderful harris faulkner “9 rules of engagement” harris shares lessons from a military family enjoy !
vote for congressman devin nunes a true american patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day worldhe truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support !
 @ nascar and champion  @ martintruexjr were recently at the white house it was a great day for a great sport !
we will proudly be playing the national anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our country today at 3  pm  the white house with the united states marine band and the united states army chorus honoring america ! nfl no escaping to locker rooms !
big supreme court ruling for baker just out !
china already charges a tax of 16 on soybeans canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our agricultural products not acceptable !
mark penn  “why are there people from the clinton foundation on the mueller staff ? why is there an independent counsel ? to go after people and their families for unrelated offensesconstitution was set up to prevent thisstormtrooper tactics almost” a disgrace !
mark penn  “why are there people from the clinton foundation on the mueller staff ? why is there an independent councel ? to go after people and their families for unrelated offensesconstitution was set up to prevent thisstormtrooper tactics almost” a disgrace !
jesse watters “the only thing trump obstructed was hillary getting to the white house”  so true !
real  @ fox news  is doing great fake  news  cnn is dead ! 
“john brennan no single figure in american history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar not only is he a liar he’s a liar about being a liar”  dan bongino on  @ foxandfriends
“john brennan no single figure in american history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar he’s a liar about being a liar”
“we ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are”  neil irwin of the  @ nytimes
looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8 : 30 this morning
very good meetings with north korea
the corrupt mainstream media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people spies informants into my campaign ! surveillance much ?
“the recusal of jeff sessions was an unforced betrayal of the president of the united states” joe digenova former us attorney
the soon to be released book “the russia hoax the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” written by gregg jarrett looks like a real deal big hit the phony witch hunt will be opened up for the world to see ! out in 5 weeks
very importantly  @ repdandonovan will win for the republicans in novemberand his opponent will not remember alabama we can’t take any chances on losing to a nancy pelosi controlled democrat !
great meeting with  @ kimkardashian today talked about prison reform and sentencing 
moments ago it was my great honor to sign  # righttotry into law ! 
bob iger of abc called valerie jarrett to let her know that “abc does not tolerate comments like those” made by roseanne barr gee he never called president donald j trump to apologize for the horrible statements made and said about me on abc maybe i just didn’t get the call ?
why aren’t the 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats investigating the totally crooked campaign of totally crooked hillary clinton it’s a rigged witch hunt that’s why ! ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration !
“this investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about it wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aideit was secretly gathering information on the trump campaignpeople call that spyingthis is unprecedented and  scandalous” mollie hemingway
california has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime high tax problems  along with so many others on june 5th vote for gop gubernatorial candidate john cox a really good and highly competent man he’ll make california great again !
“we now find out that the obama administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation that raises legitimate questions i just find this really oddthis goes to the heart of our electoral system” jonathan turley on  @ fox news 
why didn’t the 13 angry democrats investigate the campaign of crooked hillary clinton many crimes much collusion with russia ? why didn’t the fbi take the server from the dnc ?  rigged investigation !
the failing  @ nytimes quotes “a senior white house official” who doesn’t exist as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated holding it on june 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed” wrong again ! use real people not phony sources
senator schumer and obama administration let phone company zte flourish with no security checks i closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees change of management and board must purchase us parts and pay a $13 billion fine dems do nothing
today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 commencement address at the united states  @ navalacademy in annapolis maryland congratulations !good luck godspeed and anchors aweigh ! 
“everyone knows there was a spy and in fact the people who were involved in the spying are admitting that there was a spywidespread spying involving multiple people” mollie hemingway the federalist senior editor  but the corrupt mainstream media hates this monster story !
today it was my great honor to present the  # medalofhonor to  @ usnavy seal master chief special warfare operator britt slabinski in the east room of the  @ whitehouse full ceremony :  
today it was my honor to sign  # s2155 the economic growth regulatory relief and consumer protection act” read more :  
it was my great honor to host a roundtable re :  ms13 yesterday in bethpage new york democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can support law enforcement and save innocent lives ! 
sadly i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jong un 
sadly i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jung un 
crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled ms13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities  and democrats in congress refuse to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as catchandrelease democrats must abandon their resistance 
“it’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the trump campaign” judge andrew napolitano
 @ foxandfriends  “new bombshell in the obama spying scandal did other agencies spy on trump campaign ?” even clapper worlds dumbest former intelligence head who has the problem of lying a lot used the word spy when describing the illegal activities !
for the first time since roe v wade america has a prolife president a prolife vice president a prolife house of representatives and 25 prolife republican state capitals ! 
it was my honor to welcome  @ nascar cup series champion  @ martintruexjr and his team to the  @ whitehouse yesterday ! 
today it was my great honor to welcome president moon jaein of the republic of korea to the  @ whitehouse ? ? ? 
 @ asahutchinson the great governor of arkansas is in a primary tomorrow he has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention asa loves our military and our veterans i fully endorse asa for governor !
the wall street journal asks “where in the world was barack obama ?”  a very good question !
the witch hunt finds no collusion with russia  so now they’re looking at the rest of the world oh’ great !
why isn’t disgraced fbi official andrew mccabe being investigated for the $700000 crooked hillary democrats in virginia led by clinton best friend terry m under fbi investigation that they killed gave to mccabe’s wife in her run for office ? then dropped case on clinton !
fake  news  media had me calling immigrants or illegal immigrants “animals” wrong ! they were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories i referred to ms 13 gang members as “animals” a big difference  and so true fake  news  got it purposely wrong as usual !
“apparently the doj put a spy in the trump campaign this has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame donald trump for crimes he didn’t commit”  david asman   @ loudobbs  @ greggjarrett   really bad stuff !
tomorrow the house will vote on a strong farm bill which includes work requirements we must support our nation’s great farmers !
talking trade with the vice premier of the people’s republic of china liu he 
and voted against the massive tax cut bill he’s also weak on borders and crime sadly our great military and vets mean nothing to bobby jr lou barletta will win !  # maga
lou barletta will be a great senator for pennsylvania but his opponent bob casey has been a donothing senator who only shows up at election time he votes along the nancy pelosi elizabeth warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare
today it was my great honor to welcome president mirziyoyev of uzbekistan to the  @ whitehouse ! 
house votes today on choice/mission act who will stand with our great vets caregivers and veterans service organizations ? must get choice passed by memorial day !
thank you to the washington examiner and  @ cortessteve on the great article  on winning ! 
big day for israel congratulations !
north korea has announced that they will dismantle nuclear test site this month ahead of the big summit meeting on june 12th thank you a very smart and gracious gesture !
five most wanted leaders of isis just captured !
looking forward to greeting the hostages no longer at 2 : 00 am
secretary pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at andrews air force base at 2 : 00 am in the morning i will be there to greet them very exciting !
statement on the iran nuclear deal :  
i will be announcing my decision on the iran deal tomorrow from the white house at 2 : 00 pm 
to the great people of west virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference problem is don blankenship currently running for senate can’t win the general election in your stateno way ! remember alabama vote rep jenkins or ag morrisey !
thank you cleveland ohio ! 
great book just out by very successful businessman  @ andypuzder always known as somebody who knows how to win “capitalist comeback” will be a big hit !
just out :  39 unemployment 4 is broken ! in the meantime witch hunt !
today it was my great honor to celebrate the  # nationaldayofprayer at the  @ whitehouse in the rose garden ! proclamation :  
new book  a must read ! “the russia hoax  the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” by the brilliant fox  news  legal analyst gregg jarrett a sad chapter for law enforcement a rigged system !
“the questions are an intrusion into the president’s article 2  powers under the constitution to fire any executive branch employeewhat the president was thinking is an outrageousas to the president’s unfettered power to fire anyone” joe digenova former us attorney
today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of southwest airlines flight 1380 at the  @ whitehouse ! 
today i had the great honor of awarding the commanderinchief’s trophy for the first time in 21 years to the  @ armywpfootball black knights at the  @ whitehouse congratulations !
yesterday it was my great honor to welcome president  @ mbuhari of the federal republic of nigeria to the  @ whitehouse ? ? ? 
so disgraceful that the questions concerning the russian witch hunt were “leaked” to the media no questions on collusion oh i seeyou have a made up phony crime collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information nice !
headline :  “kim prepared to cede nuclear weapons if us pledges not to invade”  from the failing new york times also will shut down nuclear test site in may
“trump’s triumphs are driving his critics crazy !” thank you steve hilton  @ nextrevfnc just want to do what is right for our wonderful usa
while washington michigan was a big success washington dc just didn’t work everyone is talking about the fact that the white house correspondents dinner was a very big boring bustthe socalled comedian really “bombed”  @ greggutfeld should host next year !  @ petehegseth
“clapper lied about fraudulent dossier leaks to cnn”  @ foxandfriends fox news   he is a lying machine who now works for fake  news  cnn
allegations made by senator jon tester against admiral/doctor ron jackson are proving false the secret service is unable to confirm in fact they deny any of the phony democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful jackson family tester should resign the
i urge all americans to participate in  # takebackday tomorrow ! let’s come together and beat last october’s record of disposed prescription pills ! visit 
just out :  house intelligence committee report released “no evidence” that the trump campaign “colluded coordinated or conspired with russia” clinton campaign paid for opposition research obtained from russia wow ! a total witch hunt ! must end now !
loved being on  @ foxandfriends this morning great show !
thank you kanye very cool ! 
 @ flotus did a spectacular job hosting the president of france  @ emmanuelmacron and his wife brigitte every detail was done to perfection the state dining room never looked more beautiful and washington is abuzz over what an incredible job melania did
today  @ flotus melania and i were honored to welcome french president  @ emmanuelmacron and mrs brigitte macron to the  @ whitehouse we look forward to hosting them at tonight's state dinner in their honor 
having great meetings and discussions with my friend president  @ emmanuelmacron of france we are in the midst of meetings on iran syria and trade we will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the  @ whitehouse  ? ? 
kim strassel of the wsj just said after reviewing the dumb comey memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of the special counsel ? there’s no there there” dan henninger of the wsj said memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought !
a message from kim jong un :  “north korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles”also will “shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s northern side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests” progress being made for all !
james comey memos just out and show clearly that there was no collusion and no obstruction also he leaked classified information wow ! will the witch hunt continue ?
james comey just threw andrew mccabe “under the bus” inspector general’s report on mccabe is a disaster for both of them ! getting a little lot of their own medicine ?
governor jerry brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 national guard troops” to do nothing the crime rate in california is high enough and the federal government will not be paying for governor brown’s charade we need border security and action not words !
thank you san diego county for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against california's illegal and unconstitutional 'sanctuary' policies california's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all americans at risk
it was my great honor to host my friend  @ jpn pm o  @ abeshinzo and his delegation at maralago for the past two days lots accomplished thank you !  # success ? ? 
great working luncheon with us and japanese delegations this afternoon ! 
prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at trump international golf club 
 @ flotus melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush :  
 @ flotus melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush :  
congress – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society keep america safe !
getting ready to meet prime minister abe of japan a truly fine gentleman !
comey drafted the crooked hillary exoneration long before he talked to her lied in congress to senator g then based his decisions on her poll numbers disgruntled he mccabe and the others committed many crimes !
comey throws ag lynch “under the bus !” why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with wild bill and lynch ? was she promised a supreme court seat or ag in order to lay off hillary no golf and grandkids talk give us all a break !
doj just issued the mccabe report  which is a total disaster he lied ! lied ! lied ! mccabe was totally controlled by comey  mccabe is comey ! no collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes !
just had an agricultural roundtable with memembers of congress and governorsi will be making remarks on the large scale tax cuts given to american families and workers at 1 : 45  pm  from the rose garden join me live :  
on yom hashoah we remember the six million jews slaughtered in the holocaust with each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge  # neveragain  # holocaustremembranceday 
honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the  @ whitehouse this evening lots to discuss as we continue making america great again ! 
“trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” 
the failing new york times wrote another phony story it was political pundit doug schoen not a ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone skype hosted by doug in ukraine i was very positive about ukraineanother negative to the fake russia  c story !
today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 ncaa football national champion alabama crimson tide  to the white house congratulations !  # rolltide
very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriersalso his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers we will make great progress together !
very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriersalso his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers we will make great progress together !
to pay open area immediately for medical help and verification another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever sick !
lawmakers of the house judiciary committee are angrily accusing the department of justice of missing the thursday deadline for turning over unredacted documents relating to fisa abuse fbi comey lynch mccabe clinton emails and much more slow walking  what is going on ? bad !
congratulations to  @ bernieandsid on their new  @ 77wabcradio morning radio show in new york city it was an honor to join you two – good luck ! 
despite the aluminum tariffs aluminum prices are down 4 people are surprised i’m not ! lots of money coming into us coffers and jobs jobs jobs !
thank you  @ wvgovernor jim justice it was my great honor to be with the amazing people of west virginia today !  # maga 
today we honor dr martin luther king jr on the 50th anniversary of his assassination earlier this year i spoke about dr king’s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting americans  # mlk50 proclamation :  
when you’re already $500 billion down you can’t lose !
we will protect our southern border ! 
“president trump's approval rate among likely us voters hit 50 percent on monday which puts him higher than former president barack obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll” via annagiaritelli  @ dcexaminer 
governor jerry “moonbeam” brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include 1 kidnapping and robbery 2 badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize 3 dealing drugs is this really what the great people of california want ?  @ fox news 
does not include the fake washington post which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  register if the po “increased its parcel rates amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $26 billion” this post office scam must stop amazon must pay real costs and taxes now !
jobs jobs jobs ! unemployment claims have fallen to a 45year low together we are making the economy great again ! 
in the interim hon robert wilkie of dod will serve as acting secretary i am thankful for dr david shulkin’s service to our country and to our great veterans !
i am pleased to announce that i intend to nominate highly respected admiral ronny l jackson md as the new secretary of veterans affairs
my administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in orange county defending their rights against california's illegal and unconstitutional sanctuary policies california's sanctuary laws
 @ ustraderep just announced an agreement in principle with south korea on korus ! a great deal for american and korean workers let’s now focus on our important security relationship
happy national  # medalofhonorday to our heroes we love you ! 
france honors a great hero officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in isis related terror attack so much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical islamic terrorism even stronger measures needed especially at borders !
got $16 billion to start wall on southern border rest will be forthcoming most importantly got $700 billion to rebuild our military $716 billion next yearmost ever had to waste money on dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equi pm ent
there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice !”  so stated by harvard law professor alan dershowitz
austin bombing suspect is dead great job by law enforcement and all concerned !
a total witch hunt with massive conflicts of interest !
why does the mueller team have 13 hardened democrats some big crooked hillary supporters and zero republicans ? another dem recently addeddoes anyone think this is fair ? and yet there is no collusion !
wow watch comey lie under oath to senator g when asked “have you ever been an anonymous sourceor known someone else to be an anonymous source ?” he said strongly “never no” he lied as shown clearly on  @ foxandfriends
it was my honor to welcome prime minister leo varadkar of ireland to the  @ whitehouse ! 
“according to the center for immigration studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole” 
heading to see the border wall prototypes in california ! 
the house intelligence committee has after a 14 month long indepth investigation found no evidence of collusion or coordination between the trump campaign and russia to influence the 2016 presidential election
it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 world series champion houston  @ astros to the  @ whitehouse !  # houstonstrong 
very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by white house legislation moving forward bump stocks will soon be out highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to state law armed guards ok deterrent !
epic crowd in moon township pennsylvania tonight thank you ! get out on tuesday and vote for rick  @ saccone4pa18 together we are making america great again ! 
that’s right  @ repbost ! thank you for your support in helping put america back to work it’s about jobs jobs jobs for our incredible workers and putting america first ! 
look forward to being in pennsylvania tomorrow in support of rick  @ saccone4pa18 big crowd expected in moon township vote rick and see you there !  # maga
great couple great book ! 
to protect our country we must protect american steel !  # america first
heading to billy graham funeral a special man !
manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades !
unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years great  news  for workers and jobs jobs jobs !  # maga 
starting at a small bible school in florida billy graham soon led a nationwide revival from a large tent in los angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at yankee stadium to more than two million people at madison square garden over sixteen weeks in 1957 
why is ag jeff sessions asking the inspector general to investigate potentially massive fisa abuse will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on comey etc isn’t the ig an obama guy ? why not use justice department lawyers ? disgraceful !
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year ice and border patrol agents are doing a great job for our country ms13 thugs being hit hard
texas lc george p bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and i back him now also ac sid miller has been with me from the beginning he is “trump’s man in texas” also support comptroller glenn hegar and railroad commissioner christi craddick
“american consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000a strong job market is boosting confidence the unemployment rate has stayed at a 17year low” 
i want to encourage all of my many texas friends to vote in the primary for governor greg abbott senator ted cruz lt gov dan patrick and attorney general ken paxton they are helping me to make america great again ! vote early or on march 6th
“i’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year i just don’t see the evidencein terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have”  jonathan turley on  @ fox news 
“he’s got a very good point somebody in the justice department has a treasure trove of evidence of mrs clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated i fully agree with the president on that”  @ judgenapolitano on  @ marthamaccallum show
“congressman schiff omitted and distorted key facts”  @ fox news   so what else is new he is a total phony !
dem memo :  fbi did not disclose who the clients were  the clinton campaign and the dnc wow !
big cpac straw poll results :  93 approve of the job president trump is doing thank you ! 50 say president trump should tweet more or same funny ! 79 say republicans in congress should do a better job of working with president trump starting to happen
dems are no longer talking daca ! “out of sight out of mind” they say daca beneficiaries should not be happy nancy pelosi truly doesn’t care about them republicans stand ready to make a deal !
“school shooting survivor says he quit  @ cnn town hall after refusing scripted question”  @ tuckercarlson just like so much of cnn fake  news  that’s why their ratings are so bad ! msnbc may be worse
on behalf of an entire nation congratulations to the us women's hockey team on winning the gold !  # goteamusa  # olympics 
if a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers and others who will be instantly shooting the sicko will never attack that school cowards won’t go thereproblem solved must be offensive defense alone won’t work !
question :  if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation ? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling ? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation ? ask jeff sessions !
question :  if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation ? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling ? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation ? ask jeff session !
 @ cnn  @ msnbc whether we are republican or democrat we must now focus on strengthening background checks !
cameras running another false accusation why doesn’t  @ washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me ? one had her home mortgage paid off only  @ fox news  so reporteddoesn’t fit the mainstream media narrative
“the faith of donald trump” a book just out by david brody and scott lamb is a very interesting read enjoy !
have a great but very reflective president’s day !
thank you to kenstarr former independent counsel whitewater for your insight and powerful words on fisa abuse russian meddling etc really great interview with  @ mariabartiromo
the fake  news  of big ratings loser cnn 
the fake  news  media never fails hard to ignore this fact from the vice president of facebook ads rob goldman ! 
deputy ag rod rosenstein stated at the  news  conference :  “there is no allegation in the indictment that any american was a knowing participant in this illegal activity there is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election
“charges deal don a big win” written by michael goodwin of the  @ nypost succinctly states that “the russians had no impact on the election results” there was no collusion with the trump campaign “she lost the oldfashioned way by being a terrible candidate case closed”
cannot believe how badly daca recipients have been treated by the democratstotally abandoned ! republicans are still working hard
presidential proclamation honoring the victims of the tragedy in parkland florida :  
the schumerroundscollins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe  @ dhsgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in america” it creates a giant amnesty including for dangerous criminals doesn’t build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa
the journey to  # maga began  @ cpac 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something i look forward to every year see you at  # cpac2018 !
my administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system :  fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans 
jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low !
wow ! senator mark warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a russian oligarch warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting in london he requested with steele of fraudulent dossier fame all tied into crooked hillary
i will be meeting with henry kissinger at 1 : 45 pm  will be discussing north korea china and the middle east
our founders invoked our creator four times in the declaration of independence our currency declares “in god we trust” and we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the pledge of allegiance and proclaim that we are “one nation under god”  # nationalprayerbreakfast 
happy birthday to our 40th president of the united states of america ronald reagan ! 
we need a 21st century meritbased immigration system  chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security 
little adam schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in washington right up there with comey warner brennan and clapper ! adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information must be stopped !
thank you to  @ foxandfriends for exposing the truth perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition !
congratulations to the philadelphia eagles on a great super bowl victory !
“the four page memo released friday reports the disturbing fact about how the fbi and fisa appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermaththe fbi failed to inform the fisa court that the clinton campaign had funded the dossierthe fbi became
today it was my honor to join the great men and women of  @ dhsgov  @ customsborder  @ icegov and  @ uscis at the us customs and border protection national targeting center in sterling virginia fact sheet :  
with 35 million americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of tax cuts 2018 is off to great start ! ?unemployment rate at 41 ?average earnings up 29 in the last year ?200000 new american jobs ? # maga ? 
“you had hillary clinton and the democratic party try to hide the fact that they gave money to gps fusion to create a dossier which was used by their allies in the obama administration to convince a court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the trump team” tom fitton jw
join me live for the  # sotu
great bilateral meeting with president  @ alainberset of the swiss confederation  as we continue to strengthen our great friendship such an honor to be in switzerland !  # wef18 
it was an honor to meet with republic of rwanda president paul kagame this morning in davos switzerland many great discussions !  # wef18 
great bilateral meeting with prime minister theresa may of the united kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities  # wef18 
where are the 50000 important text messages between fbi lovers lisa page and peter strzok ?  blaming samsung !
even crazy jim acosta of fake  news  cnn agrees :  “trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone :  trump wins againschumer and dems cavedgambled and lost” thank you for your honesty jim !
end the democrats obstruction ! 
thank you to brad blakeman on  @ fox news  for grading year one of my presidency with an “a”and likewise to doug schoen for the very good grade and statements working hard !
excellent preliminary meeting in oval with  @ senschumer  working on solutions for security and our great military together with  @ senatemajldr mcconnell and  @ speakerryan making progress  four week extension would be best !
today i was honored and proud to address the 45th annual  @ marchforlife ! you are living witnesses of this year’s march for life theme lovesaveslives 
“shutting down the government is a very serious thing people die accidents happen i don’t know how i would vote right now on a cr ok ?”sen dianne feinstein dcalif
main street is back ! strongest holiday sales bump since the great recession  beating forecasts by billions of dollars 
today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend and true american hero bob dole  # congressionalgoldmedal 
today it was my honor to welcome president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan to the  @ whitehouse ! 
senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting deals can’t get made when there is no trust ! durbin blew daca and is hurting our military
big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” among many other things “president trump reversed the policies of president obama and reversed our economic decline” thank you stuart varney   @ foxandfriends
“president trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy tax cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers most explosive stock market rally that we’ve seen in modern times 18000 to 26000 from election and grounded in profitability and growth all trump not 0
the wall street journal stated falsely that i said to them “i have a good relationship with kim jong un” of n korea obviously i didn’t say that i said “i’d have a good relationship with kim jong un” a big difference fortunately we now record conversations with reporters
america first !
today it was my great honor to proclaim january 15 2018 as martin luther king jr federal holiday i encourage all americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of dr king's life and legacy 
more great  news  as a result of historical tax cuts and reform :  fiat chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 billion in michigan plant relocating their heavytruck production from mexico to michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to us employees ! 
thank you adam levine the federalist in interview on  @ foxandfriends  “donald trump is the greatest president our country has ever seen”
disproven and paid for by democrats “dossier used to spy on trump campaign did fbi use intel tool to influence the election ?”  @ foxandfriends  did dems or clinton also pay russians ? where are hidden and smashed dnc servers ? where are crooked hillary emails ?  what a mess !
good  news  :  toyota and mazda announce giant new huntsville alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and suv’s a year and employ 4000 people companies are coming back to the us in a very big way congratulations alabama !
cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes america the place to invest ! great  news  as toyota and mazda announce they are bringing 4000 jobs and investing $16 billion in alabama helping to further grow our economy ! 
today it was my great honor to welcome prime minister erna solberg of norway to the  @ whitehouse  a great friend and ally of the united states ! joint press conference :  
 @ icegov hsi agents and ero officers on behalf of an entire nation thank you for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow american’s safe everyone is so grateful ! # lawenforcementappreciationdaypresident  @ realdonaldtrump 
it was my great honor to sign hr 267 the “martin luther king jr national historical park act” which redesignates the martin luther king junior national historic site in the state of georgia as the martin luther king jr national historical park 
jake tapper of fake  news  cnn just got destroyed in his interview with stephen miller of the trump administration watch the hatred and unfairness of this cnn flunky !
the african american unemployment rate fell to 68 the lowest rate in 45 years i am so happy about this  news  ! and in the washington post of all places headline states “trumps first year jobs numbers were very very good”
the mercer family recently dumped the leaker known as sloppy steve bannon smart !
dow goes from 18589 on november 9 2016 to 25075 today for a new alltime record jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks record fastest 1000 point move in history this is all about the make america great again agenda ! jobs jobs jobs six trillion dollars in value created !
making america great again ! 
dow just crashes through 25000 congrats ! big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing
“some 40 us companies have responded to president trump’s tax cut and reform victory in congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2000 increases in 401k matches and spending on charity a much higher number than previously known” 
melania and i are deeply saddened by the death of thomas s monson a beloved president of the church of jesus christ of latterday saints
the failing new york times has a new publisher ag sulzberger congratulations ! here is a last chance for the times to fulfill the vision of its founder adolph ochs “to give the  news  impartially without fear or favor regardless of party sect or interests involved” get
my deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in douglas county  @ dcsheriff and their families we love our police and law enforcement  god bless them all !  # lesm
on taxes :  “this is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years agothis is a huge progrowth stimulus for the economy every year the obama wh overstated how the economy would grow now real economics and jobs”  @ wsj report
i've been saying it for a long long time  # noko 
wow  @ foxandfrlends  “dossier is bogus clinton campaign dnc funded dossier fbi cannot after all of this time verify claims in dossier of russia/trump collusion fbi tainted” and they used this crooked hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the trump campaign !
 @ fox news fbi’s andrew mccabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from m clinton puppet he was using allegedly his fbi official email account to promote her campaign you obviously cannot do this these were the people who were investigating hillary clinton”
fbi deputy director andrew mccabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits 90 days to go !
how can fbi deputy director andrew mccabe the man in charge along with leakin’ james comey of the phony hillary clinton investigation including her 33000 illegally deleted emails be given $700000 for wife’s campaign by clinton puppets during investigation ?
the united nations security council just voted 150 in favor of additional sanctions on north korea the world wants peace not death !
will be signing the biggest ever tax cut and reform bill in 30 minutes in oval office will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill
so true ! 
home sales hit best numbers in 10 years ! make america great again
we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people ! # taxcutsandjobsact 
the united states senate just passed the biggest in history tax cut and reform bill terrible individual mandate obamacarerepealed goes to the house tomorrow morning for final vote if approved there will be a  news  conference at the white house at approximately 1 : 00  pm 
congratulations to paul ryan kevin mccarthy kevin brady steve scalise cathy mcmorris rodgers and all great house republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes !
70 record closes for the dow so far this year ! we have never had 70 dow records in a one year period wow !
today it was my tremendous honor to visit marine helicopter squadron one hmx1 at the marine corps air facility in quantico virginia i am honored to serve as your commanderinchief on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service we love you ! 
to each member of the graduating class from the national academy at quantico congratulations ! 
consumer confidence is at an alltime high along with a record high stock market unemployment is at a 17 year low make america great again ! working to pass massive tax cuts looking good
great army  navy game army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commanderinchief’s trophy ! congratulations !
great army  navy game army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commanderinchief’s trophy last time was 1996 wow ! congratulations !
have a great game today  @ usarmy and  @ usnavy  i will be watching we love our us military on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service !  # armynavygame  # usa ? 
heading to the great state of mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected governor  @ philbryantms look forward to seeing the new civil rights museum !
on my way to pensacola florida see everyone soon !  # maga 
i fulfilled my campaign promise  others didn’t ! 
tonight  @ flotus melania and i were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the  @ whitehouse – and wish them all a very  # happyhanukkah
across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of europe and the pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by america’s friends and foes alike : “remember pearl harbor” 
today the us flag flies at halfstaff at the  @ whitehouse in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day 
go get the new book on andrew jackson by brian kilmeadereally good  @ foxandfriends
join me this friday in pensacola florida at the pensacola bay center ! tickets :  
yesterday i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends in utah’s magnificent capitolit was my honor to sign two presidential proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both bears ears and grand staircase escalante
democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama we need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration border wall military pro life va judges 2nd amendment and more no to jones a pelosi/schumer puppet !
report :  “antitrump fbi agent led clinton email probe”  now it all starts to make sense !
such a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco ! 
i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn just more fake  news  covering another comey lie !
congratulations to  @ abc  news  for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the russia russia russia witch hunt more networks and “papers” should do the same with their fake  news  !
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in montgomery alabama uttered one word that changed history 
we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america special thanks to  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and chairman  @ senorrinhatch for shepherding our bill through the senate look forward to signing a final bill before christmas ! 
economists on the tax cuts and jobs act : “the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul  complete with a lower corporate tax rate  will ignite our economy with levels of growth not seen in generations” 
today it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the  @ whitehouse bahrain and the united states are important partnersduring the crown prince’s visit he is advancing $9 billion in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of f16’s 
stock market hits new record high confidence and enthusiasm abound more great numbers coming out !
the failing  @ nytimes has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went rogue foxandfriends
“had the information crooked hillary’s emails been released there would have been harm to national securitycharles mcculloughfmr intel comm inspector general 
the house of representatives seeks contempt citations ? against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding key documents and an fbi witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of donald trump big stuff deep state give this information now !  @ fox news 
 @ theresamay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom we are doing just fine !
theresa  @ theresamay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom we are doing just fine !
now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity – and reclaim america’s destinybut in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the senate must pass tax cuts – and bring main street roaring back to life !
departing  @ jbanafw for st charles missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish linea successful vote in the senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the american people !
economy growing ! excluding hurricane effects cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been 39 in q3stock market at a new high unemployment at a low we are winning and tax cuts will shift our economy into high gear ! 
just spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea additional major sanctions will be imposed on north korea today this situation will be handled !
so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake  news  practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin ? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in florida years ago ? investigate !
so now tha matt lauer is gone when will the fake  news  practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin ? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in florida years ago ? investigate !
just won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau cfpb a big win for the consumer !
“the conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in november the consumer confidence index rose from 1262 in october to 1295 notching its best reading since december 2000” 
thank you rand ! 
i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough can’t let schumer/pelosi win this race liberal jones would be bad !
check out the recent editorial in the wall street journal  @ wsj about what a complete disaster the  @ cfpb has been under its leader from previous administration who just quit !
my great honor to join our incredible men and women of the  @ uscg at the lake worth inlet station in riviera beach florida today ! # happythanksgiving 
51 million american to travel this weekend  highest number in twelve years aaa traffic and airports are running very smoothly fox news 
the  @ usnavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash we are monitoring the situation prayers for all involved 
today we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house drumstick and wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful blue ridge mountains at gobbler’s rest 
president donald j trump and  @ flotus melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at the white house 
marshawn lynch of the nfl’s oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national anthem great disrespect ! next time nfl should suspend him for remainder of season attendance and ratings way down
sen jeff flakey who is unelectable in the great state of arizona quit race anemic polls was caught purposely on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite president he’ll be a no on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast”
together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel  # ms13 and many other gangs'hundreds arrested in ms13 crackdown'
china is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea  a big move we'll see what happens !
thank you ! 
thank you ! 
we had a wonderful visit to vietnam thank you president tran dai quang ! heading to the  # aseansummit 50th anniv gala in the philippines now 
met with president putin of russia who was at  # apec meetings good discussions on syria hope for his help to solve along with china the dangerous north korea crisis progress being made
will be doing a joint press conference in hanoi vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the phillipines
on behalf of an entire nation happy 242nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines ! # usmc242  # semperfi 
i am leaving china for  # apec2017 in vietnam  @ flotus melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the great wall of china before going to alaska to greet our amazing troops
president xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony it was a truly memorable and impressive display !  ? ?
on behalf of  @ flotus melania and i thank you for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the forbidden city in beijing president xi and madame peng liyuan we are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning ! 
 @ edwgillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va ms13 and crime will be gone vote today asap !
and has been horrible on virginia economy vote  @ edwgillespie today !
ralph northam will allow crime to be rampant in virginia he’s weak on crime weak on our great vets antisecond amendment
it was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great  @ usforcesjapan ! 
playing golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama two wonderful people ! 
just gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo japan leaving to see prime minister abe 
unemployment is down to 41 lowest in 17 years 15 million new jobs created since i took office highest stock market ever up $54 trill
thank you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii my great honor to visit  @ pacificcommand upon arrival heading to pearl harbor w/  @ flotus now 
the rigged dem primary one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on fake  news  network tv last night disgraceful !
bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary !
new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary what about the deleted emails uranium podesta the server plus plus
the  @ tuckercarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch james comey's leadership was a disaster !
this is real collusion and dishonesty major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering  where is our justice department ?
donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders bought and paid for by crooked h
today we are thrilled to welcome  @ broadcom ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hq’s from singapore back to the usa 
i am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security 
nyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room he killed 8 people badly injured 12 should get death penalty !
happy birthday to  @ garyplayer a truly great champion and person !
the united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures the safety of our citizens comes first !
 @ senatemajldr  @ senategop and appeals court judges at a record clip ! our courts are rapidly changing for the better !
 @ nygovcuomo  @ nycmayor fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack  # nycstrong
just spoke with  @ nygovcuomo and  @ nycmayor de blasio to let them know that the federal government
we are fighting hard for merit based immigration no more democrat lottery systems we must get much tougher and smarter   @ foxandfriends
consumer confidence hits highest level since december 2000 read more :  
“statement by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa alimam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks” 
also there is no collusion !
report out that obama campaign paid $972000 to fusion gps the firm also got $12400000 really ? from dnc nobody knows who ok'd !
the uranium to russia deal the  33000 plus deleted emails the comey fix and so much more instead they look at phony trump/russia
jfk files are released long ahead of schedule !
today is national prescription drug take back day everyone can help fight the  # opioidepidemic by participating ! 
very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday 30 despite the big hurricane hits best consecutive q's in years !
diane black of tennessee the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman did a great job in passing budget setting up big tax cuts
congratulations to  @ speakerryan  @ gopleader  @ stevescalise and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday now for biggest tax cuts
thank you  @ foxandfriends really great job and show !
effective today my administration officially declared the  # opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under federal law 
big  news   budget just passed !
together we will make america great again ! # americafirst ? 
congrats to  @ reince priebus a really good and talented man we’re proud of you reince ! 
the meeting with republican senators yesterday outside of flake and corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa !
stock market just hit another record high ! jobs looking very good
isn't it sad that lightweight senator bob corker who couldn't get reelected in the great state of tennessee will now fight tax cuts plus !
it is finally sinking through 46 of people believe major national  news  orgs fabricate stories about me fake  news  even worse ! lost cred
officials behind the now discredited dossier plead the fifth justice department and/or fbi should immediately release who paid for it
stock market hits another all time high on friday 53 trillion dollars up since election fake  news  doesn't spent much time on this !
great book just out a place called heaven by dr robert jeffress  a wonderful man !
today it was an honor to have  @ unsecretarygeneral  @ antonioguterres at the  @ whitehouse speaking for the usa we appreciate all you do ! 
just out report :  united kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of radical islamic terror not good we must keep america safe !
the budget passed late last night 51 to 49 we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul he will vote for tax cuts voting against
great  news  on the 2018 budget  @ senatemajldr mcconnell  first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the american people !  # taxreform 
big ratings getter  @ seanhannity and apprentice champion john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for  # vegasstrong great show !
keep up the great work i am with you 100 !isis is losing its griparmy colonel ryan dilloncjtf–oir
it was great to have governor  @ ricardorossello of  # puertorico ?with us at the  @ whitehouse today we are with you !  # prstrong 
it was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the  @ whitehouse today  # taxreform 
people not interviewed including clinton herself comey stated under oath that he didn't do thisobviously a fix ? where is justice dept ?
wow fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating  crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete many
so much fake  news  being put in dying magazines and  news papers only place worse may be  @ nbc news   @ cbs news   @ abc and  @ cnn fiction writers !
it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today !  ? ?
reptom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar tom is a fine man and a great congressman !
the us has gained more than 52 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day ! also record business enthusiasm
in america we don't worship government  we worship god  # valuesvoterssummit 
i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commanderinchief happy birthday to the incredible men and women  @ usnavy ! # 242navybday 
the democrats obamacare is imploding massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped dems should call me to fix !
puerto rico survived the hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making says sharyl attkisson a total lack of
clips from tax speech and  @ seanhannity on  @ foxandfriends now have a great day !
happy to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas  in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy
fake  @ nbc news  made up a story that i wanted a tenfold increase in our us nuclear arsenal pure fiction made up to demean nbc  cnn !
stock market has increased by 52 trillion dollars since the election on november 8th a 25 increase lowest unemployment in 16 years and
the failing  @ nytimes set liddle' bob corker up by recording his conversation was made to sound a fool and that's what i am dealing with !
highly respected author christopher bedford just came out with book the art of the donald lessons from america's really good book !
the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations  fueled by trump supporters    @ nypost  thank you !
i asked  @ vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country i am proud of him and  @ secondlady karen
hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of us negotiators sorry but only one thing will work !
can't believe i finally got a good story in the  @ washingtonpost it discusses the enthusiasm of trump voters through campaign
rex tillerson never threatened to resign this is fake  news  put out by  @ nbc news  low  news  and reporting standards no verification from me
stock market hits an alltime high ! unemployment lowest in 16 years ! business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades !
thank you ! 
we love you las vegas ! 
i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with  @ flotus melania everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers
the  @ nbc news  story has just been totally refuted by sec tillerson and  @ vp pence it is  # fake news  they should issue an apology to america !
so proud of  @ fema military and first responders ! thank you ! 
great meeting with governor mapp of the  # usvi he is very thankful for the great job done by  @ fema and first responders 
being nice to rocket man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now ? clinton failed bush failed and obama failed i won't fail
in analyzing the alabama primary racefake  news  always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement !
 @ ricardorossello  # fake news  critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter !  # prstrong ?
to the people of puerto rico : do not believe the  # fake news  ! # prstrong ?
just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the us virgin islands who stated that  # fema and military are doing a great job ! thank you governor !
the military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc have done an amazing job puerto rico was totally destroyed
 @ impd news   @ potus thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365 !  # lesm 
join me for my  # weeklyaddress ?
thank you  @ shopfloornam an honor to be with you today great  news  ! manufacturers report recordhigh economic optimism in 2017  # taxreform 
puerto rico is devastated phone system electric grid many roads gone fema and first responders are amazing governor said great job !
but the people were protrump ! virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 monthsand economy roaring
thank you to our wonderful team  @ usun and their families keep up the great work !  # usa ? 
it was an honor to welcome president  @ marianorajoy of spain thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal  # noko regime 
heading over to the  @ un to meet with ambassador  @ nikkihaley and all of her great representatives !  # usa ?
thank you to carmen yulin cruz the mayor of san juan for your kind words on fema etcwe are working hard much food and water there/on way
tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country # standforouranthem ?
 @ cnn is  # fake news  just reported cos john kelly was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag anthem country total lie !
iran just testfired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israelthey are also working with north koreanot much of an agreement we have !
going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship teamstephen curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn !
alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under obamacare worst in the country deductibles high people angry ! lisa m comes through
arizona had a 116 increase in obamacare premiums last year with deductibles very high chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods sad
heading to alabama now big crowd !
the russia hoax continues now it's ads on facebook what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary ?
thank you ! 
rand paul or whoever votes against hcare bill will forever future political campaigns be known as the republican who saved obamacare
today i announced a new executive order with re :  to north korea we must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of  # noko 
it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south koreastay tuned !  ? ? # unga 
it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today  # unga ? ?
it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning !  # usaatunga  # unga 
governor  @ ricardorossello we are with you and the people of puerto rico stay safe !  # prstrong
the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabamathat means all gun owners should vote for big luther he won't let you down !
after allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state bill c also crooked hillary now criticizes
thank you jacob ! 
the true question for the  @ un ? ?
as president of the united states of america i will always put  # americafirst ? # ungafull remarks :  
it was a great honor to be with president  @ emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation great bilateral meeting !  # unga 
such an honor to have my good friend israel  pm   @ netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon  # unga 
my great honor ! 
thank you ! 
happy 70th birthday to the  @ usairforce ! the american people are eternally grateful thank you for keeping america proud strong and free ! 
with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51 can't get votes end now !
we are with you florida !emergency information 18003423557
spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site
it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the  @ whitehouse today ! 
may god forever bless the united states of america  # neverforget911 
heed the advice of  @ flgovscott !if you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelterthere's not many hours left gov scott 
churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey just like others
a message to my fellow americans ? # irmahurricane2017 ? ?
republicans must start the tax reform/tax cut legislation asap don't wait until the end of september needed now more than ever hurry !
never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation 8 dems control  will rarely get 60 vs 51 votes it is a repub death wish !
our incredible us coast guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with harvey irma could be even tougher we love our coast guard !
hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic !
i look forward to working w/ d's  r's in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st
we are building our future with american hands american labor american iron aluminum and steel happy  # laborday ! 
remember sunday is national prayer day by presidential proclamation !
departing for texas and louisiana with  @ flotus melania right now  @ jbanafw we will see you soon america is with you ! 
stock market up 5 months in a row !
wow looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was overand so much more a rigged system !
leaving now for texas !
going to a cabinet meeting teleconference at 11 : 00 am on  # harvey even experts have said they've never seen one like this !
a great book by a great guy highly recommended ! 
wonderful coordination between federal state and local governments in the great state of texas  teamwork ! record setting rainfall
closely monitoring  # hurricaneharvey from camp david we are leaving nothing to chance city state and federal govs working great together !
i am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to 85 year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio he kept arizona safe !
just arrived at camp david where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a class 3 125 mph winds !
just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a category 3 be safe !
nick adams retaking america  best things of this presidency aren't reported about convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever
few if any administrations have done more in just 7 months than the trump a bills passed regulations killed border military isis sc !
if senate republicans don't get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a 51 majority few bills will be passed 8 dems control the senate !
a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the  @ usmc air station yuma thank you for your service to the united staes of america ! 
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion  va respectful and strongto bad the dems have no one who can change tones !
donald e ballard on behalf of the people of the united states thank you for your courageous service you inspire us all !  # alconv2017 
thank you arizona beautiful turnout of 15000 in phoenix tonight ! full coverage of rally via my facebook at :  
we pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the  @ usnavy aboard the   # ussjohnsmccain and their families 
jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on  @ foxandfriends the fake  news  should listen to what he had to say thanks jerry !
great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor  @ martywalsh
today i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act  # hr873 the bill authorizescont ? ?
just returned to bedminster nj from camp david great meeting on national security the border and the military !  # maga ? 
i have directed that us cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused oncont :  
can't change history but you can learn from it robert e lee stonewall jackson  who's next washington jefferson ? so foolish ! also
many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business job numbers are looking great !
great to see that dr kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake who is weak on borders crime and a nonfactor in senate he's toxic !
and people like ms heyer such a disgusting lie he just can't forget his election trouncingthe people of south carolina will remember !
thank you  @ mayorgimenez for following the rule of law ! sanctuary cities make our country less safe ! full remarks :  
congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama exciting race !
 @ foxandfriends according to report just out president obama knew about russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger russia !
senator luther strange who is doing a great job for the people of alabama will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 15 tough on crime borders etc
now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from president's manufacturing councilhe will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices !
join me live from bedminster new jersey :  
military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould north korea act unwisely  hopefully kim jong un will find another path !
after 200 days rarely has any administration achieved what we have achievednot even close ! don't believe the fake  news  suppression polls !
emails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton/lynch secret meeting in plane
i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3 : 00  pm  in bedminster nj
the fake  news  media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council's 150 vote in favor of sanctions on n korea !
on  # purpleheartday ? ?i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation !  # usa ? 
never in ushistory has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal he told stories about his vietnam battles and
interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a  phony vietnam con artist !
and west virginia the fact is the fake  news  russian collusion story record stock market border security military strength jobs
the failing  @ nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized is totally inept !
just completed call with president moon of south korea very happy and impressed with 150 united nations vote on north korea sanctions
united nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea over one billion dollars in cost to nk
thank you nicole ! 
the united nations security council just voted 150 to sanction north korea china and russia voted with us very big financial impact !
west virginia was incredible last night crowds and enthusiasm were beyond gdp at 3 wow !dem governor became a republican last night
just arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at 7 : 00 pm e massive crowd expected  tune in !  # maga ?
our great veterans can now connect w/ their va healthcare team from anywhere using  # vavideoconnect  available at :  
why the rust belt just gave donald trump a hero's welcome
stock market could hit alltime high again 22000 today was 18000 only 6 months ago on election day mainstream media seldom mentions !
highest stock market ever best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure sc :  no wh chaos !
us stock market up almost 20 since election !
8 dems totally control the us senate many great republican bills will never pass like kate's law and complete healthcare get smart !
the very outdated filibuster rule must go budget reconciliation is killing r's in senate mitch m go to 51 votes now and win it's time !
republican senate must get rid of 60 vote now ! it is killing the r party allows 8 dems to control country 200 bills sit in senate a joke !
departing for long island now an area under siege from  # ms13 gang members we will not rest until  # ms13 is eradicated  # lesm 
go republican senators go ! get there after waiting for 7 years give america great healthcare !
big progress being made in ridding our country of ms13 gang members and gang members in general make america safe again !
wow the failing  @ nytimes said about  @ foxandfriends the most powerful tv show in america
thank you foxconn for investing $10 billion dollars with the potential for up to 13k new jobs in wisconsin ! madeintheusa ? 
in america we don't worship government  we worship god ! ? ?
big dollars $700000 for his wife's political run from hillary clinton and her representatives drain the swamp !
why didn't ag sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got
it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post 44 in youngstown ohio this evening a grateful nation salutes you ! 
 @ senjohnmccainthank you for coming to dc for such a vital vote congrats to all rep we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans !
jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians witch hunt next up 11 year old barron trump !
ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump campaign  quietly working to boost clinton so where is the investigation ag  @ seanhannity
is fake  news  washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon notax monopoly ?
so many stories about me in the  @ washingtonpost are fake  news  they are as bad as ratings challenged  @ cnn lobbyist for amazon and taxes ?
the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad
any senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w/ the  # ocarenightmare ! remarks :  
sleazy adam schiff the totally biased congressman looking into russia spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse !
after 1 year of investigation with zero evidence being found chuck schumer just stated that democrats should blame ourselvesnot russia
thank you to  @ loudobbs for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a screg cuttingstock m jobsborder etc  true !
join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r ford ! ? ?
in all fairness to anthony scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the republican primaries started but didn't think i was running !
what about all of the clinton ties to russia including podesta company uranium deal russian reset big dollar speeches etc
so many people are asking why isn't the ag or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes 33000 emails deleted ?
the failing new york times foiled us attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristalbaghdaditheir sick agenda over national security
today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the  # ussarizona to the  @ whitehouse  # honorthem ?remarks :  
icymi this week we hosted a  # madeinamerica event right here at the  @ whitehouse ! if it is made in america it is the best ! usa ? 
six months in  it is the hope of growth ? ?that is making america ?four trillion dollars ? ?richer stuart  @ varneyco ? ?
fake  news  story of secret dinner with putin is sick all g 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the chancellor of germany press knew !
the senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes even parts of full repeal need 60 8 dems control senate crazy !
i am at the  @ usga   # uswomensopen an amateur player is coleading for the first time in many decades  very exciting !
the  # ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe our sailors are the best anywhere in the world congratulations ! 
just got to the  # uswomensopen in bedminster new jersey people are really happy with record high stock market  up over 17 since election !
stock market hit another alltime high yesterday  despite the russian hoax story ! also jobs numbers are starting to look very good !
just landed from paris france it was an incredible visit with president  @ emmanuelmacron a lot discussed and accomplished in two days !
great conversations with president  @ emmanuelmacron and his representatives on trade military and security
the united states mourns for the victims of nice france we pledge our solidarity with france against terror  ? ? 
it was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent  # bastilleday parade congratulations president  @ emmanuelmacron ! 
great bilateral meetings at élysée palace w/ president  @ emmanuelmacron the friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable 
stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive jobs outlook looking very good !  # maga ? 
after 14 years us beef hits chinese market trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture 
my son donald will be interviewed by  @ seanhannity tonight at 10 : 00  pm  he is a great person who loves our country !
marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking melania and i send our deepest condolences to all !
when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries i asked ivanka to hold seat very standard angela m agrees !
james comey leaked classified information to the media that is so illegal !
i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election he vehemently denied it i've already given my opinion
the  # g20summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel thank you !
great first day with world leaders at the  # g20summit here in hamburg germany looking forward to day two !  # usa 
i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with vladimir putin much to discuss # g20summit  # usa ?
america is proud to stand shouldertoshoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism  # potusinpoland 
on behalf of  @ flotus melania and myself thank you poland ? ? ? # icymi watch here ? ? 
congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary thank you !  ? ?
dow hit a new intraday alltime high ! i wonder whether or not the fake  news  media will so report ?
i am thinking about changing the name  # fake news  cnn to  # fraud news cnn !
getting rdy to leave for tonight's celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w/ so many of my evangelic… 
i am extremely pleased to see that  @ cnn has finally been exposed as  # fake news  and garbage journalism it's about time !
watched low rated  @ morningjoe for first time in long time fake  news  he called me to stop a national enquirer article i said no ! bad show
crime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help 1714 shootings in chicago this year !
statement on house passage of kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act 
good  news  house just passed  # kateslaw hopefully senate will follow
to maralago 3 nights in a row around new year's eve and insisted on joining me she was bleeding badly from a facelift i said no !
i heard poorly rated  @ morningjoe speaks badly of me don't watch anymore then how come low iq crazy mika along with psycho joe came
from my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy remarks… 
democrats purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill  actually goes up 
it was my great honor to welcome the 2016 world series champion chicago  @ cubs  ? ? to the  @ whitehouse this afternoon… 
the failing  @ nytimes writes false story after false story about me they don't even call to verify the facts of a story a fake  news  joke !
from  @ fox news  bombshell :  in 2016 obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election  check out his statement  witch hunt !
very grateful for the 9o decision from the u s supreme court we must keep america safe !
hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders is she allowed to so collude ? unfair to bernie !
today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the  # vaaccountability act into law delivering my campaign promise… 
i've helped pass and signed 38 legislative bills mostly with no democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations nice !
will be on  @ foxandfriends enjoy !
together we are going to make america great again ! # americafirst ? 
why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks long prior to election it's all a big dem hoax !
thank you kirkwood community college heading to the us cellular center now for an 8 pm e make america great again… 
just landed in iowa see everyone soon !  # maga ?
democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcaretax cutssecurity obstruction doesn't work !
ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolina's 5th district we are all honored by your success tonight !
thank you  @ fox news  huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election
it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the  @ whitehouse today with  @ vp pence ? ?… 
melania and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier full statement :  
because he doesn't even live there ! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare on tuesday  # votekarenhandel
karen handel's opponent in  # ga06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent
karen handle's opponent in  # ga06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent
getting great border security and healthcare  # voteralphnorman tomorrow !
my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7  @ usnavy sailors of the  # ussfitzgerald and their families  ? ?… 
the dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and border securitytheir obamacare is dead with 100 increases in p's vote now for karen h
the new rasmussen poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 election just out with a trump 50 approval ratingthat's higher than o's  # 's !
massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new scjustice and infrastructure healthcare and tax cuts in works !
national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cubamemorandum… 
remarks by president trump on the policy of the usa towards cubavideo :  
the passage of the  @ deptvetaffairs accountability and whistleblower protection act is great  news  for veterans ! i lo… 
just arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs jobs jobs !  # maga ? 
ag lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposesgave hillary clinton a free pass and protection totally illegal !
finally held our first full  @ cabinet meeting today with this great team we can restore american prosperity and br… 
my daughter ivanka will be on  @ foxandfriends tomorrow morning enjoy !
i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible totally illegal ? very 'cowardly !'
way up regulations way down 600000 new jobs added unemployment down to 43 business and economic enthusiasm way up record levels !
america is going to build again under budget and ahead of schedule time to put  # americafirst !  # infrastructureweek… 
a great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the  @ whitehouse infrastructure summit… 
an honor to join the  @ faithandfreedom coalition yesterday in america we don't worship government we worship god… 
great reporting by  @ foxandfriends and so many others thank you !
despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindicationand wow comey is a leaker !
senate passed the va accountability act the house should get this bill to my desk asap ! we can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets
today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy 73 years ago  # dday… 
today i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future  finally ! ? ?… 
 @ secshulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades our heroes deserve the best !  ? ?… 
 @ foxandfriends  dems are taking forever to approve my people including ambassadors they are nothing but obstructionists ! want approvals
at least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is no reason to be alarmed !
my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field  # americafirst ? ? ?… 
join me live at the  @ whitehouse ? ?
i will be announcing my decision on paris accord thursday at 3 : 00  pm   the white house rose garden  make america great again !
it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam nguy ?n xuân phúc to the  @ whitehouse this afternoon 
we traveled the world to strengthen longstanding alliances and to form new partnerships see more at : … 
despite the constant negative press covfefe
north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor china by shooting off yet another ballistic missilebut china is trying hard !
big win in montana for republicans !
we push for the removal of all tradedistorting practicesto foster a truly level playing field
big g7 meetings today lots of very important matters under discussion first on the list of course is terrorism  # g7taormina
on behalf of  @ flotus melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening president sergio mattarella… 
getting ready to engage g7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security
thank you for your support together we will make america safe and great again ! # potusabroad  # usa ? 
thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit prime minister  @ netanyahu and  @ presidentruvi
great to be in riyadh saudi arabia looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead  # potusabroad 
a great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today ? ? ?joint press conf ? ?… 
it was my great honor to deliver the  # cgacommencement17 at the  @ uscgacademy congratulations to the class of 2017 !… 
it was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey recep tayyip erdo ?an to the  @ whitehouse today ! 
wishing  @ flotus melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends ! happy  # mothersday
i was thrilled to be back  @ libertyu congratulations to the class of 2017 ! this is your day and you've earned it… 
today  @ flotus hosted a military mother's day event in the east room of the wh it was an honor to stop by say hel… 
yesterday on the same day i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine pavlo… 
'presidential executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure'… 
the democrats should be ashamed this is a disgrace ! # draintheswamp 
watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in us history for
cryin' chuck schumer stated recently i do not have confidence in him james comey any longer then acts so indignant   # draintheswamp
'manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
the russiatrump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end ?
director clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows there is no evidence of collusion w/ russia and trump
rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico fired their employees tax product big that's sold in us
beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night join us now for a  # nationaldayofprayer live : … 
allegations of unmasking trump transition officials not good !
susan rice the former national security advisor to president obama is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on
an honor to host president mahmoud abbas at the wh today hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… 
congratulations to the winners of the commanderinchief's trophy the great air force falcons ! watch : … 
either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 our country needs a good shutdown in september to fix mess !
i will be interviewed on  @ facethenation this morning at 10 : 00 am have a great day !
looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at 7 : 30 big crowd big energy !
 @ loudobbs just stated that president trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history  thank you lou !
today i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the  @ deptvetaffairs : … 
what's more important ? rebuilding our military  or bailing out insurance companies ? ask the democrats
democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous  # obamacare and puerto rico with your tax dollars sad !
today i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education eo : … 
the us recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016 gdp up only 16 trade deficits hurt the economy very badly
proud of  @ ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues looking forward to hearing her speak at the w20 ! 
today i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation :  
getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans !
after 5 sb victories since 2002 it was my honor to give bob kraft coach belichick and the players their first to… 
a great honor to host the  @ superbowl champion new england  @ patriots at the white house today congratulations !… 
dems failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia great job karen handel ! it is now hollywood vs georgia on june 20th
despite major outside money fake media support and eleven republican candidates big r win with runoff in georgia glad to be of help !
the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin allowed bad ms 13 gangs to form in cities across us we are removing them fast !
the super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes !
a great book for your reading enjoyment :  reasons to vote for democrats by michael j knowles
happy easter to everyone !
economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers  # americafirst
congratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court a great day for americ… 
confidence that president al sisi will handle situation properly
it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states tremendous
it was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the  @ whitehouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… 
looking forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project  @ wwp soldier ride to the  @ whitehouse on th… 
 @ fox news  from multiple sources :  there was electronic surveillance of trump and people close to trump this is unprecedented  @ fbi
such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by  @ foxandfriends spied on before nomination the real story
thank you  @ jclayfield  will get even better as my administration continues to put  # americafirst ? 
wow  @ fox news  just reporting big  news  source :  official behind unmasking is high up known intel official is responsible some unmasked
it is an exciting time for our country ! # weeklyaddress  # confirmgorsuch 
great meeting with a wonderful woman today former secretary of state condoleezza rice !  # usa ? 
great oped from  @ repkenbuck looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end  # obamacare 
the failing  @ nytimes has disgraced the media world gotten me wrong for two solid years change libel laws ? 
today we honored our true american heroes on the firstever national vietnam war veterans day # thankaveteran… 
 @ flotus melania and i were honored to stop by the women's empowerment  panel this afternoon at the  @ whitehouse… 
why doesn't fake  news  talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by  @ fox news  or money from russia to clinton  sale of  uranium ?
big announcement by ford today major investment to be made in three michigan plants car companies coming back to us  jobs ! jobs ! jobs !
money to bill the hillary russian reset praise of russia by hillary or podesta russian company trump russia story is a hoax  # maga !
today i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the  # keystonepipeline a grea… 
it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the  @ whitehouse today ! 
just watched the totally biased and fake  news  reports of the socalled russia story on nbc and abc such dishonesty !
big day for healthcare working hard !
honored to sign s442 today with this legislation we support  @ nasa's scientists engineers and astronauts in the… 
joined the  @ housegop conference this morning at the us capitol 
thank you louisville kentucky on my way !  # maga ? 
great meeting with the  @ republicanstudy committee this morning at the  @ whitehouse ! 
happy lá fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends !
great progress on healthcare improvements being made  republicans coming together !
an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland  @ endakennytd to the  @ whitehouse today with  @ vp pence  ? ? 
a budget that puts  # americafirst must make safety its no 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity :  
thank you nashville tennessee ! 
in nashville tennessee ! lets make america great again ! 
proud to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting unfortunately 4 seats were empty because s… 
'us consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade'  ? ?
linkedin workforce report :  january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september 2015
for eight years russia ran over president obama got stronger and stronger pickedoff crimea and added missiles weak !  @ foxandfriends
122 vicious prisoners released by the obama administration from gitmo have returned to the battlefield just another terrible decision !
arnold schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the apprentice he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings not by me sad end to great show
just out :  the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house 22 times and 4 times last year alone
the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for 100 ambs
we should start an immediate investigation into  @ senschumer and his ties to russia and putin a total hypocrite ! 
nick adams new book green card warrior is a must read the meritbased system is the way to go canada australia !  @ foxandfriends
since november 8th election day the stock market has posted $32 trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high jobs !
thank you !
the race for dnc chairman was of course totally rigged bernie's guy like bernie himself never had a chance clinton demanded perez !
fake  news  media knowingly doesn't tell the truth a great danger to our country the failing  @ nytimes has become a joke likewise  @ cnn sad !
trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
going to cpac !
big interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington looking forward to it !
very much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culturea great job done by amazing people !
the socalled angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists sad !
meeting with generals at maralago in florida very interesting !
happy presidents day  make america great again !
will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house big 5 : 00  pm  speech in melbourne florida a lot to talk about !
looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow big crowd expected !
one of the most effective press conferences i've ever seen ! says rush limbaugh many agreeyet fake media  calls it differently ! dishonest
the fake  news  media failing  @ nytimes  @ nbc news   @ abc  @ cbs  @ cnn is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people !
leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in washington for years failing  @ nytimes and others must apologize !
stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades great level of confidence and optimism  even before tax plan rollout !
great listening session with ceo's of the retail industry leaders association this morning ! 
congratulations to our new  # vasecretary dr david shulkin time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect… 
just leaving florida big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake  news  media refuses to mention very dishonest !
congratulations stephen miller on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows great job !
after two days of very productive talks prime minister abe is heading back to japan l
while on fake  news   @ cnn bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake  news  to describe the network they said technical difficulties !
a working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan and his representatives at the winter white house maralago very good talks !
played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and  @ thebigeasy ernie els and had a great time japan is very well represented !
playef golf today with prime minister abe of japan and  @ thebigeasy ernie els and had a great time japan is very well represented !
having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states ! 
melania and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs abe at maralago in palm beach fla they are a wonderful couple !
our legal system is broken ! 77 of refugees allowed into us since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries wt  so dangerous !
the failing  @ nytimes does major fake  news  china story saying mrxi has not spoken to mr trump since nov14 we spoke at length yesterday !
lawfare :  remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute a disgraceful decision !
join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general  @ senatorsessions !live : … 
chris cuomo in his interview with sen blumenthal never asked him about his longterm lie about his brave service in vietnam fake  news  !
senrichard blumenthal who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had major lienow misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him ?
'trump administration seen as more truthful than  news  media'
'immigration ban is one of trump's most popular orders so far' 
what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots tom brady bob kraft and coach b are total winners wow !
enjoy the  # superbowl and then we continue :  make america great again !
a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris tourists were locked down france on edge again get smart us
attending chief ryan owens' dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor to a great and brave man  thank you !
join me live from the  @ whitehouse
getting ready to deliver a very important decision !  8 : 00  pm 
nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally  at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work a messjust like dem party !
only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage
today we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger 31 years later  # neverforget 
look forward to seeing final results of votestand gregg phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal we must do better !
beginning today the united states of america gets back control of its borders full speech from today  @ dhsgov : … 
i will be interviewed by  @ davidmuir tonight at 10 o'clock on  @ abc will be my first interview from the white house… 
if chicago doesn't fix the horrible carnage going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016 i will send in the feds !
congratulations to  @ fox news  for being number one in inauguration ratings they were many times higher than fake  news   @ cnn  public is smart !
signing orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off… 
great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the  @ whitehouse this morning together we will  # maga ! 
a photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall thank you abbas ! 
will be meeting at 9 : 00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here !
busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security top executives coming in at 9 : 00 am to talk manufacturing in america
wow television ratings just out :  31 million people watched the inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago !
had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to wall long standing ovations amazing people win !
it all begins today ! i will see you at 11 : 00 am for the swearingin the movement continues  the work begins !
thank you for a wonderful evening in washington dc  # inauguration 
join me at 4 pm  over at the lincoln memorial with my family ! # inauguration2017 
it wasn't donald trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time ! stated today by reverend franklin graham
writing my inaugural address at the winter white house maralago three weeks ago looking forward to friday… 
 @ thealabamaband was great last night in dc playing for 147 diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world thanks alabama !
bayer ag has pledged to add us jobs and investments after meeting with presidentelect donald trump the latest in a string  @ wsj
thought it would be hypocritical to attend bush's swearinginhe doesn't believe bush is the true elected president sound familiar ! wp
at 9 : 00  pm   @ cnn of all places is doing a special report on my daughter ivanka considering it is cnn can't imagine it will be great !
 @ levisteveholt realdonaldtrump i appreciate your use of twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency very dishonest media !
intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is a complete fraud oann
a beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero detective steven mcdonald our law enforcement community has my complete and total support
totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both democrats and republicans  fake  news  ! russia says nothing exists probably
congrats to the senate for taking the first step to  # repealobamacare now it's onto the house !
james clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated made up phony factstoo bad !
russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is a complete and total fabrication utter nonsense very unfair !
an old picture with nancy and ronald reagan 
it's finally happening  fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest $1billion in michigan and ohio plants adding 2000 jobs this after
before i or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to  @ nbc news  so serious !
 @ fox news  :  we certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe… 
intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results voting machines not touched !
gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take placethe republican national committee had strong defense !
toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja mexico to build corolla cars for us no way ! build plant in us or pay big border tax
jackie evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performancesome people just don't understand the movement
julian assange said a 14 year old could have hacked podesta  why was dnc so careless ? also said russians did not give him the info !
the intelligence briefing on socalled russian hacking was delayed until friday perhaps more time needed to build a case very strange !
the democrat governorof minnesota said the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable !  and it is lousy healthcare
general motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to us car dealerstax free across border make in usaor pay big border tax !
chicago murder rate is record setting  4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 if mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help !
russians are playing  @ cnn and  @ nbc news  for such fools  funny to watch they don't have a clue !  @ fox news  totally gets it !
my administration will follow two simple rules :  
the us consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to 1137 the highest level in more than 15 years ! thanks donald !
the djt foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses 100 of money goes to wonderful charities !
 @ nbc news  purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute :  until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes  dishonest !
based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f35 i have asked boeing to priceout a comparable f18 super hornet !
the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoedcont :  
i met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today talking about airplane capability and pricing very impressive people !
thank you alabama ! from now on it’s going to be  # americafirst our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase : … 
 @ eazymfe realdonaldtrump many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president !  # makeamericagreatagain  thank you !
last night in orlando florida was incredible  massive crowd  thank you florida ! today at 3 : 00  pm  i will be in alabama for last rally !
thank you florida my administration will follow two simple rules :  buy american and hire american !  # icymi watch : … 
has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of  @ vanityfair magazine way down big trouble dead ! graydon carter no talent will be out !
thank you wisconsin ! my administration will be focused on three very important words :  jobs jobs jobs ! watch : … 
just watched  @ nbcnightly news   so biased inaccurate and bad point after point just can't get much worse although  @ cnn is right up there !
i will be interviewed today on fox  news  sunday with chris wallace at 10 : 00 eastern network enjoy !
on my way to des moines iowa will see you soon with  @ mikepence join us ! tickets :  
chuck jones who is president of united steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers no wonder companies flee country !
we pause today to remember the 2403 american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor 75 years ago
a great night in fayetteville north carolina thank you !  # icymi watch here :  
masa softbank of japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the us toward businesses and 50000 new jobs
boeing is building a brand new 747 air force one for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion cancel order !
i am thrilled to nominate dr  @ realbencarson as our next secretary of the us dept of housing and urban develo pm ent… 
the green party just dropped its recount suit in pennsylvania and is losing votes in wisconsin recount just a stein scam to raise money !
just tried watching saturday night live  unwatchable ! totally biased not funny and the baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse sad
our great vpe  @ mikepence is in louisiana campaigning for john kennedy for us senate john will be a tremendous help to us in washington
 @ tigerwoods :  can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys –tw  # heroworldchallenge great to have you back tiger  special !
heading to us bank arena in cincinnati ohio for a 7 pm  rally join me ! tickets :  
'donald trump is already helping the working class' 
join me in cincinnati ohio tomorrow evening at 7 : 00 pm  i am grateful for all of your support thank you !tickets : … 
 @ fiiibuster jeffzeleny pathetic  you have no sufficient evidence that donald trump did not suffer from voter fraud shame ! bad reporter
 @ joebowman12 jeffzeleny just another generic cnn part time wannabe journalist  cnn still doesn't get it they will never learn !
 @ highonhillcrest jeffzeleny what proof do u have donaldtrump did not suffer from millions of fraud votes ? journalist ? do your job !  @ cnn
just met with general petraeuswas very impressed !
serious voter fraud in virginia new hampshire and california  so why isn't the media reporting on this ? serious bias  big problem !
i am seriously considering dr ben carson as the head of hud i've gotten to know him wellhe's a greatly talented person who loves people !
the meeting with the  @ nytimes is back on at 12 : 30 today look forward to it !
 @ transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days 
general james mad dog mattis who is being considered for secretary of defense was very impressive yesterday a true general's general !
i watched parts of  @ nbcsnl saturday night live last night it is a totally onesided biased show  nothing funny at all equal time for us ?
our wonderful future vp mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton cameras blazingthis should not happen !
i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing  @ nytimes said russia uk china saudi arabia japan
i will be interviewed on  @ 60minutes tonight after the nfl game  7 : 00  pm  enjoy !
a fantastic day in dc met with president obama for first time really good meeting great chemistry melania liked mrs o a lot !
happy 241st birthday to the us marine corps ! thank you for your service ! 
just out according to  @ cnn :  utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
we need your vote go to the polls ! let's continue this movement ! find your poll location :  
unbelievable evening in new hampshire  thank you ! flying to grand rapids michigan now watch nh rally here : … 
big  news  to share in new hampshire tonight ! polls looking great ! see you soon
thank you pennsylvania ! going to new hampshire now and on to michigan watch pa rally here :  
'america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'
just landed in north carolina heading to the js dorton arena see you all soon ! lets  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
starting tomorrow it's going to be  # americafirst ! thank you for a great morning sarasota florida !watch here : … 
thank you for you support virginia ! in one day  get out and  # votetrumppence16 !  # icymi :  
thank you pennsylvania i am forever grateful for your amazing support lets make america great again !  # maga… 
thank you michigan ! this is a movement that will never be seen again it's our last chance to  # draintheswamp ! watch… 
van jones :  ‘there is a crack in the blue wall’ — it has to do with trade :  
great night in denver colorado thank you ! together we will make america great again !  # icymi watch rally here : … 
thank you reno nevada nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again !  # americafirst… 
‘must act immediately’ :  clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the law
thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa florida !  # icymi watch here :  
join me live in wilmington ohio !
there is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach ! thank you selma north carolina ! # icymi watch here… 
thank you arlene ! we will make america safe and great again !  # imwithyou  # draintheswamp 
after decades of lies and scandal crooked hillary's corruption is closing in  # draintheswamp ! 
crooked hillary clinton deleted 33000 emails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress guilty  cannot run rigged system !
join me in florida tomorrow !miami•12 pm 
'podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats :  
 @ darrellissa is a very good man help him win his congressional seat in california
 # icymi :  governor  @ mikepence and i were in valley forge pennsylvania today you can watch it here : … 
join me tomorrow in florida !miami•12 pm 
crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president she deleted 33000 emails after getting a subpoena from us congress rigged !
wow ! i hear you warren michigan streaming live  join us america it is time to drain the swamp !watch :  
legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has 900 wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… 
 @ slh :  i follow mrtrump at all of his rallies by watching them on 
thank you greeley co ! real change means restoring honesty to the govt our plan will end govt corruption ! watch : … 
wow twitter google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton very dishonest media !
departing golden co for arizona now  after an unbelievable rally watch here :  
 @ deplorablecbtp :  in my mind  # donaldtrump is the only way out of this mess   # philrobertson of tv's  # duckdynasty   thank you phil !
just landed in iowa  speaking soon !
we must not let  # crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office  # draintheswamp 
 @ jmoschetti1363 johnatsrs1949 fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service fbi or dallaspolice
crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook  # draintheswamp… 
 @ keithrowland :  people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums  @ realdonaldtrump repeal and replace !
join me live in springfield ohio !
beautiful evening in kinston north carolina  thank you ! get out and vote ! you can watch tonight's rally here : … 
repeal and replace obamacare !
obamacare is a disaster rates going through the sky  ready to explode i will fix it hillary can't ! # obamacarefailed
truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association  # maga… 
as election looms some bad  news  for clinton democrats : 
record crowd in tampa florida thank you ! we will win florida  # draintheswamp in washington dc and make america… 
thank you st augustine florida ! get out and vote ! join the movement  and lets  # draintheswamp ! off to tampa now !… 
leaving west palm beach florida now  heading to st augustine for a 3 pm  rally will be in tampa at 7 pm   join me : … 
why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics ? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win !
former prosecutor :  the clintons are so corrupt everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’ 
if you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the white house a statement made by mrs obama about crooked hillary clinton
'trump lays out policies for first 100 days in white house'
just arrived in cleveland ohio join governor  @ mikepence and i now live via :  
unbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach virginia thank you ! next stop  cleveland ohio… 
landing in pennsylvania now great new poll this morning thank you lets  # draintheswamp and  # makeamericagreatagain… 
 @ jensen4law :  best way to pay hillary back for what she did to  @ berniesanders  # dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide 
donna brazile shreds obama economy  acting dnc chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
{crooked hillary clinton} created this mess and she knows it  # draintheswamp 
a top clinton foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest 
great crowd in fletcher north carolina thank you ! heading to johnstown pennsylvania now ! get out on november 8th… 
huma calls it a mess the rest of us call it corrupt ! wikileaks catches crooked in the act  again # draintheswamp 
when obama took office in 2009 employerprovided premiums cost $13375 today they are $18142 thanks obama
crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed we'll create 25m jobs when i'm president and i will deliver ! 
crooked took millions from oppressive me countries will she give the $$$ back ? probably not don't forget her slog… 
on behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote ! let's  # makeamericagreatagain  # earlyvote 
why didn't hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions  she secretly used them ! crooked hillary
join the movement to  # maga !
great poll  thank you america ! once we  # draintheswamp together we will  # maga ? # debate 
join my team over on my facebook page live now !  # debates
i started this campaign to make america great again that’s what i’m going to do  # maga  # debate
 @ realdonaldtrump is going to cut taxes big league  crooked is going to raise taxes big league !  # draintheswamp… 
isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees and  @ hillaryclinton will allow it to happen h… 
the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies # bigleaguetruth  # draintheswamp 
together we can save american jobs american lives and american futures !  # debates 
usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals we need change !  # bigleaguetruth  # debate
what they are saying about  @ realdonaldtrump's great debate and  @ hillaryclinton's bad performance… 
her instincts are suboptimal
hillary says take back mosul ? we would have never lost mosul if it wasn't for  # crookedhillary  # draintheswamp 
you should give the money back  @ hillaryclinton !  # draintheswamp 
crooked’s top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept we must  # draintheswamp 
live factcheck :  trump's right the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east  # draintheswamp 
 @ hillaryclinton loves to lie america has had enough of the clinton's ! it is time to  # draintheswamp ! debates 
i will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years !  # debate   # bigleaguetruth 
 @ realdonaldtrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years !  # debate… 
our country is stagnant we’ve lost jobs and business we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
 @ hillaryclinton has been doing this for thirty yearswhere has she been ?  # bigleaguetruth
this is what we can expect from  # crookedhillary more taxes more spending  # bigleagetruth  # draintheswamp  # debates 
 @ hillaryclinton's tax hikes will crush our economy i will cut taxes  big league 
 @ hillaryclinton has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people i will  # makeamericastrongagain  # debate… 
hillary is too weak to lead on border securityno solutions no ideas no credibilityshe supported nafta worst deal in us history  # debate
 @ realdonaldtrump wants a safe america w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an end to sanctuary cities he is… 
hillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals i will put… 
drugs are pouring into this country if we have no border we have no country that’s why ice endorsed me  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
it is so imperative that we have the right justices  # draintheswamp  # debates  # bigleaguetruth 
the 2nd amendment is under siege we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
hillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history  # debate  # draintheswamp 
ready to lead ready to make america great again  # debate  # maga
this is an incredible movement we are going to take our country back !  # november8th  # bigleaguetruth  # debate 
i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's  # debate # makeamericagreatagain
i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government !… 
obamacare premiums increasing 33 in pennsylvania  a complete disaster it must be repealed and replaced !… 
it is time to  # draintheswamp !
time to  # draintheswamp in washington dc and vote  # trumppence16 on 11/8/2016 together we will make america safe… 
thank you colorado springs if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count… 
it is time to  # draintheswamp in washington dc ! vote nov 8th to take down the  # rigged system ! 
hillary’s aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks :  
get rich quick ! crooked hillary clinton's pay to play guide :  
yet more evidence of a mediarigged election :  
my wife melania will be interviewed tonight at 8 : 00 pm  by anderson cooper on  @ cnn i have no doubt she will do very well enjoy !
journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash
wow new polls just came out from  @ cnn   great numbers especially after total media hit job leading ohio 48  44
wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged ? rigged ! 
 @ prisonplanet :  trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april ! this is all yet another hoax 
 @ marksimoneny :  watch joe biden's long history of grabbing kissing and groping women who are cringing :  
can't believe these totally phoney stories 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press have impact !
animals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning  @ ncgop
finally in the new abc  news /washington post poll hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 4743 !
the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton we have paul ryan always fighting the republican nominee !
“the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted  even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty 
we've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme wikileaks may have found the answer obama ! 
a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his birthday ? so corrupt ! 
watched saturday night live hit job on metime to retire the boring and unfunny show alec baldwin portrayal stinks media rigging election !
a great day in new hampshire and maine fantastic crowds and energy !  # maga
the movement in portsmouth new hampshire w/ 7k supporters thank you ! this is the biggest election of our lifetime… 
this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect crooked hillary !
100 fabricated and madeup charges pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign may poison the minds of the american voter fix !
thank you for your support greensboro north carolina next stop  charlotte !  # maga
what they are saying about the clinton campaign’s anticatholic bigotry :  
i am making a major speech in west palm beach florida at noon tune in !
the phony story in the failing  @ nytimes is a total fabrication written by same people as last discredited story on women watch !
the people of cuba have struggled too long will reverse obama's executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored
very little pickup by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks so dishonest ! rigged system !
voter registration deadlines today you can register now at :  
don't let her fool us again 
crooked's state dept gave special attention to friends of bill after the haiti earthquake unbelievable ! 
in texas now leaving soon for big rally in florida !
the very foul mouthed sen john mccain begged for my support during his  primary i gave he won then dropped me over locker room remarks !
thank you pennsylvania this is a movement like we have never seen before !  # votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16 together… 
wow  @ cnn got caught fixing their focus group in order to make crooked hillary look better really pathetic and totally dishonest !
hypocrite hillaryclinton is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history by far  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
if  @ hillaryclinton is president she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
in my administration every american will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
we cannot let this evil continue !  # debates2016 
history lesson :  there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln for one his nickname is hone… 
we're going to cut taxes big league for the middle class she's raising your taxes and i'm lowering your taxes !
you need both a public and a private position @ hillaryclinton  # debates2016 
i hope when the msm runs its “interruption counters” they consider the  #  of times the moderators interrupted me com… 
we must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system  # debate  # maga
obama and clinton told the same lie to sell  # obamacare  # debates2016 
basically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true  # crookedhillary
there’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clintonmy words were unfortunatethe clintons’ actions were far worse
i’m not proud of my locker room talk but this world has serious problems we need serious leaders  # debate  # bigleaguetruth
my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight's  # debate # makeamericagreatagain
the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizenscontinued : 
so many selfrighteous hypocrites watch their poll numbers  and elections  go down !
 @ charleneosbor17 realdonaldtrump politicians don't count it's the people we are behind trump all the way to white house
 @ eericmyers realdonaldtrump  republican leadership should have only one job :  help elect the nominee we voted for donald j trump
certainly has been an interesting 24 hours !
 @ kevcirilli :  trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on 12/1 the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nominee
volunteer to be a trump election observer sign up today ! # makeamericagreatagain
pennsylvania poll just released two rallies there on mon join me !ambridge :  
such a great honor ! 
thank you south carolina ! everyone has to get out and vote on 11/8/16  # makeamericagreatagain… 
'small business says trump is their pick for president'
bill clinton is right :  obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'  thanks bill for telling the truth
about to begin a rally here in henderson nevada new reuters poll just out thank you ! join the movement : … 
the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed mike pence won big !
 @ gsimmons03ginny realdonaldtrump kaine is awful trump and pence are the ticketno more lies we are ready to see america great again !
clinton’s top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department :  
 @ flifeforce cfj  @ vine that is a reason to not vote for hillary clinton vote for liberty ! vote for  @ realdonaldtrump
clinton is weak on north korea : 
sanctions relief from clintonobama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists : 
 @ timkaine is wrong for defense :  
i agree mike  thank you to all of our law enforcement officers !  # vpdebate police officers are the best of us @ mikepence
 @ carollcnixon67 realdonaldtrump kaine says hillary and he have plans she could care less what kaine thinks
 @ arsenmissyirvin :  i want a you're fired president with people in govt who are wasting my tax $'s  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ mikepence is doing a great job  so far no contest !
 @ megynkelly i am in nevada sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience better luck next time
wow  @ cnn is so negative their panel is a joke biased and very dumb i'm turning to  @ fox news  where we get a fair shake ! mike will do great
join the movement !
my childcare plan makes a difference for working families  more money more freedom  # americafirst means… 
i will be watching the great governor  @ mikepence and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8 : 30 pm  est ! enjoy !
 @ trumplican2016 realdonaldtrump  there will be massive turnout for you  mr trump  these polls don't register the pulse of the people !
crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors owned by wall st and politicians hrc is not with you 
i believe in  # americafirst and that means family first ! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern workingclas… 
thank you novi michigan ! get out and vote  # trumppence16 on 11/8 together we will make america great again !… 
remember don't believe sources said by the very dishonest media if they don't name the sources the sources don't exist
using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement ! hillary was set up by a con
wow crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past which is terrible !
while hillary profits off the rigged system i am fighting for you ! remember the simple phrase followthemoney… 
thank you for joining me this afternoon new hampshire ! will be back soon  # followthemoneyspeech transcript : … 
will be in novi michigan this friday at 5 : 00 pm  join the movement ! tickets available at :  
an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning !  # imwithyou video : … 
melania and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres
unbelievable evening in melbourne florida w/ 15000 supporters and an additional 12000 who could not get in tha… 
hillary clinton's campaign continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure :  
great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders thank you for your support !  # imwithyou 
in the last 24 hrs we have raised over $13m from online donations and national call day and we’re still going ! thank you america !  # maga
the  # 1 trend on twitter right now is  # trumpwon  thank you !
i won every poll from last nights presidential debate  except for the little watched  @ cnn poll
wow did great in the debate polls except for  @ cnn  which i don't watch thank you !
thank you governor  @ mikepence !lets make america safe and great again with the american people  # americafirst… 
nothing on emails nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation and nothing on  # benghazi  # debates2016  # debatenight
russia has more warheads than ever n korea is testing nukes and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs thanks  @ hillaryclinton
hillary clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war  # debates2016  # maga 
i will stand with police and protect all americans !  # debates2016  # maga 
this is the simple fact about  @ hillaryclinton :  she is a typical politician  all talk no action  # debates2016
a clinton economy  more taxes and more spending !  # debatenight 
 @ hillaryclinton has been part of the rigged.c.ystem for 30 years ? why would we take policy advice from her ?  # debates2016
 @ hillaryclinton channels john kerry on trade :  she was for bad trade deals before she was against them  # tpp  # debates2016
 @ hillaryclinton and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate tune in ! # debatenight  # trumppence16
new national bloomberg poll just released  thank you ! join the movement :  
five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses nc riots !
looking forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10 : 00 am
thank you roanoke virginia  this a movement  join us today !sign up :  
if dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him !
will be back in virginia tonight for a 6 pm  rally at the berglund center in roanoke join me ! tickets : … 
 @ kellyannepolls :  trump is headed for a win says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   
the  @ sentedcruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise i greatly appreciate his support ! we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th
today is the day ! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action !  # trumptrain  # maga… 
crooked hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand dem pols said no way dumb !
tomorrow's the day ! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action !  # trumptrain  # maga… 
spoke with governor  @ patmccrorync of north carolina today he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances
will be on  @ foxandfriends now
thank you toledo ohio ! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8 2016 ! lets make america safe… 
thank you kenansville north carolina ! remember on november 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a… 
together we will make america safe and great again !  # imwithyou  # americafirst 
i will be interviewed on the  @ oreillyfactor  tonight from florida now enjoy !
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state has emboldened terrorists all over the worldcont :  
happy birthday  to the united states air force ! 
wacky  @ nytimesdowd who hardly knows me makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column a neurotic dope !
 @ cnn just doesn't get it and that's why their ratings are so low  and getting worse boring antitrump panelists mostly losers in life !
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail ? maybe not !
a very interesting take from  @ katiepavlich :  
just leaving miami for houston oklahoma and colorado miami crowd was fantastic !
thank you for a great evening  laconia new hampshire  will be back soon !  # americafirst
full transcript of economic plan delivered to the economic club of new york  # maga 
thank you to all of our law enforcement officers  across america !  # lesm  # maga 
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am enjoy !
great poll out of nevada thank you ! see you soon  # maga  # americafirst
great evening in canton ohiothank you ! we are going to make america great again ! join us :  
honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful  @ bishopwtjackson in detroit last week  tune in at 9 pm e enjoy ! 
thank you ohio ! just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center join me at 7 pm  :  
thank you florida can't wait to see you friday in miami ! join me : 
why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton ?
child care reforms that will make america great again !transcript :  
join us today ! together we will  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ brimyers813 :  saw ur speech on twitter u give me hope and optimism i feel as though i am in the room with u i pray 4 ur/our success
really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad lindsey graham romney flake sass supreme court remember !
i havn't seen  @ tonyschwartz in many years he hardly knows me never liked his style super lib crooked h supporter irrelevant dope !
dummy writer  @ tonyschwartz who wanted to do a second book with me for years i said no is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted !
 @ cnn is unwatchable their  news  on me is fiction theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign
mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto
hillary just gave a disastrous  news  conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night she's being decimated by the media !
a rough night for hillary clinton  abc  news 
wow  thank you pensacola fl see you friday at 7 pm   join me !
 @ ler :  message for undecided voters :  please wake up and vote donaldtrump now ! trump/pence very important save our america before too late !
china wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama the son of a whore terrible !
the truly great phyllis schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92 she was very special !
 @ lblackvelvet realdonaldtrump we need to show americans that hillary will kill our country  ! vote for trump  ! !
 @ chernuna realdonaldtrump it defies belief the web of lies hillary is spinning ! one excuse after another then it's this then it's that
great visit to detroit church fantastic reception and all  @ cnn talks about is a small protest outside inside a large and wonderful crowd !
thank you great faith ministries international bishop wayne t jackson and detroit !
i visited our trump tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from ohio and arizona and it was packed with great pros  win !
just heard that crazy and very dumb  @ morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings  @ morningjoe joe a mess !
i am promising you a new legacy for america we're going to create a new american future thank you ohio !  # imwithyou 
thank you for having me this morning  @ americanlegion i enjoyed my time with everyone !  # alconvention2016 
poll numbers way up  making big progress !
hillary clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to make america great again !  # americafirst
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana and now she didn't go to mexico she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again !
thank you washington ! together we will make america safe and great again !  # imwithyou  # americafirst 
we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as  # obamacare ! 
crooked hillary's brainpower is highly overratedprobably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by bernie s she has bad judgement
 @ diamondandsilk :  crooked hillary getting desperate on tv bashing trump  @ cnn she forgot how she said a kkk member was her mentor
will be in phoenix arizona on wednesday changing venue to much larger one demand is unreal polls looking great !  # imwithyou
how quickly people forget that crooked hillary called africanamerican youth super predators  has she apologized ?
 @ lewenskimo :  your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you every amercan knows you represent hope ! !
hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign  # flashbackfriday 
clinton corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities full speech transcript :  
poll numbers are starting to look very good leading in florida  @ cnn arizona and big jump in utah all numbers rising national way up wow !
great governor  @ mikepence is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck true leadership
will be participating in a town hall tonight on  @ seanhannity at 10 pm e from austin texas enjoy ! 
the  @ washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories don't buy boring !
 @ anncoulter's new book 'in trump we trust comes out tomorrow people are saying it's terrific  knowing ann i am sure it is !
some day when things calm down i'll tell the real story of  @ joenbc and his very insecure longtime girlfriend  @ morningmika two clowns !
tried watching lowrated  @ morningjoe this morning  unwatchable !  @ morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess !
 @ jimbos2002 :    @ morningjoe video :  hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel 
crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads  all paid for by her bosses on wall street media is protecting her !
just leaving virginia  really big crowd great enthusiasm !
thank you  @ jerryjrfalwell will see you soon  # trumppence16 
they will soon be calling me mr brexit !
another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on  # obamacare plans' only the beginning ! 
clinton refugee plan could bring in 620000 refugees in first term at lifetime cost of over $400 billion 
stay on message is the chant i always do  trade jobs military vets 2nd a repeal ocare borders etc  but media misrepresents !
the failing  @ nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened their reporting is fiction the media protects hillary !
 @ need2knowu :    @ willspeakout yes you are my hero i admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for america ! !
 @ willspeakout :  thank you for all that you are doing for us ! you campaign endlessly and have spent millionswe love you !  # trumptrain thanks
the failing  @ nytimes has become a  news paper of fiction their stories about me always quote nonexistent unnamed sources very dishonest !
unbelievable support in florida last night  thank you !  # maga 
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state when will the dishonest media report the facts !
a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clinton's agenda what a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday !
 @ laurencristmann :  thank you for coming to pennsylvania today i will be there with  @ clynneryan your 3rd cd delegate at 2  pm 
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies let's make america great again ! 
 @ dsf2020 :  really admire your determination :  working so hard for all americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased media
no such meeting or conversation ever happened  a made up story by low ratings  @ cnn
i will be interviewed on  @ greta tonight at 7 pm  enjoy ! 
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county arkansas  # lesm
 @ dbongino  you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on  @ cnn don lemon is a lightweight  dumb as a rock
media desperate to distract from clinton's anti2a stance i said pro2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution !
will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends now !
thank you newt !  
thank you !  
thank you alex !  
join me in fayetteville north carolina tomorrow evening at 6 pm  tickets now available at :  
michael morell the lightweight former acting director of cia and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total clinton flunky !
 # crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president !  # trumppence16 
'trump is right about violent crime :  it’s on the rise in major cities'
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies let's make america great again !  
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies let's make america great again ! 
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies let's make america great again ! 
president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding  i won't dodge questions as your president 
obama's disastrous judgment gave us isis rise of iran and the worst economic numbers since the great depression !
thank you for your support of my candidacy !  # maga  # imwithyou 
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today in daytona beach florida !  # lesm  # maga 
our incompetent secretary of state hillary clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to iran scandal !
great day in virginia crowd was fantastic !
statement in response to president obama's failed leadership :  
the washington post calls out  # crookedhillary for what she really is a pathological liar ! watch that nose grow ! 
just leaving mechanicsburg pa incredible crowd so enthusiastic ! will be back soon  # maga 
thank you columbus ohio ! i will be back soon  # imwithyou  # maga 
the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs or headline fundraisers  those disconnected from real life
when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary's payforplay at state department ?
wow it is unbelievable how distorted onesided and biased the media is against us the failing  @ nytimes is a joke  @ cnn is laughable !
i was viciously attacked by mr khan at the democratic convention am i not allowed to respond ? hillary voted for the iraq war not me !
we crushed the original goal ! i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our endofmonth goal !  
crooked's stop in johnstown pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200  with bill vp
 # crookedhillary  obama's third term which would be terrible  news  for our economic growth  seen below 
crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes a formula for disaster !
i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our milliondollar endofmonth goal ! 
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton 
the dishonest media didn't mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crooked's speech he wishes he didn't make that deal !
thank you ! facebook :  
crooked hillary said that i couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign reallyi just beat 16 people and am beating her !
general john allen who i never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against isis his record  bad   # neverhillary
crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech many of her statements were lies and fabrications !
 @ anncoulter :  i believe in science dem code for we're shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke  @ cnn and the little watched  @ morningjoe  sad !
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction terrorism and isis across the world
hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety
hillary will never reform wall street she is owned by wall street !
i will once again write a $1 million check to our campaign if we hit our milliondollar endofmonth goal ! 
departing now  thank you cedar rapids iowa this is a movement ! 
i will once again write a $1 million check to our campaign if we hit our milliondollar endofmonth goal ! 
dems warn not to underestimate trump's potential win
great to be back in iowa !  # tbt with  @ jerryjrfalwell joining me in davenport this past winter  # maga 
a vote for clintonkaine is a vote for tpp nafta high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers !  # maga 
trump right :  illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far
funny how the failing  @ nytimes is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said trump is a genius america 1st !
pocahontas bombed last night ! sad to watch
elizabeth warren often referred to as pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary who she always hated !
clinton betrayed bernie voters kaine supports tpp is in pocket of wall street and backed iraq war
make america safe and great again !  # trumppence16
the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory she's out !
the  @ cnn panels are so one sided almost all against trump  @ fox news  is so much better and the ratings are much higher don't watch cnn !
i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted no energy left !
today proves what i have always known that  @ reince priebus is the tough one and the smart one not debbie wasserman shultz  @ dwstweets
 @ olimauritania realdonaldtrump kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals 
just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together isis and our other enemies are drooling they don't look presidential to me !
tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved job killer !
crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania against steelworkers and miners husband signed nafta
leaked emails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders mock his heritage and much more online from wikileakes really vicious rigged
pocahontas wanted vp slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the senate also crooked hillary hates her !
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for philly fight ?
make america safe and great again !  # rncincle
you can watch 360 video live from the podium ! 
we’ve just set a new goal :  raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight ! 
we’ve just set a new goal :  raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight ! 
limited opportunity to get your official trump gear ! shop now !  
i am soooo proud of my children don eric and tiffany  their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible ivanka intros me tonight !
 @ mikepence was fantastic tonight will be a great vp
wow ted cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge ! i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway no big deal !
limited opportunity to get your official trump gear ! shop now ! 
limited opportunity to get your official trump gear ! shop now ! 
thank you to governor  @ scottwalker for such warm support great speech !
urgent :  we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight please stand with us ! 
the media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melania's speech than the fbi spent on hillary's emails
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention very exciting !
it was truly an honor to introduce my wife melania her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible very proud !  # gopconvention
networks other than low ratings  @ cnn have been very fair and exciting !
 @ cnn is the worstthey go to their dumb onesided panels when a podium speaker is for trump ! vast majority want :  make america great again !
i will be on  @ 60minutes tonight at 7 : 00  pm  with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects ! bad times for divided usa !
the ratings at  @ fox news  blow away the ratings of  @ cnn  not even close that's because cnn is the clinton  news  network and people don't like
 @ fox news  is much better and far more truthful than  @ cnn which is all negative guests are stacked for crooked hillary ! i don't watch
if goofy elizabeth warren a very weak senator didn't lie about her heritage being native american she would be nothing today pick her h
i hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas as her vp then we can litigate her fraud !
thank you to jack morgan tamara neo cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia great job !
donate today to help make america great again ! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton ! 
donate today to help make america great again ! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton ! 
crooked hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her email lies has been a disaster on foreign policy look what's happening !
look forward to governor mike pence vp introduction tomorrow in new york city
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate  news  conference tomorrow at 11 : 00 am
 # nevertrump is never more they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 8712 make america great again !
in light of the horrible attack in nice france i have postponed tomorrow's  news  conference concerning my vice presidential announcement
another new poll thank you for your support ! join the movement today !  # imwithyou 
even the  @ nytimes and  @ washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach what was she thinking ?
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct ? big mistake by an incompetent judge !
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common 
the american people agree no free pass for  # crookedhillary ! 
senior united states district judge robert e payne today ruled in favor of trump campaign delegates who had argued
great poll florida ! thank you ! 
make america safe again !
isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on  @ cnn ?
after today crooked hillary can officially be called lyin' crooked hillary
great being in cincinnati ohio last night thank you ! off to washington dc now  # trump2016  # americafirst 
where is the outrage for this disney book ? is this the 'star of david' also ? dishonest media !  # frozen 
i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton check it out sleepy eyes  @ markhalperin  @ nbcpolitics
hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves  convention center airport  and destroyed city
the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges but
crooked hillary clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information not fit !
i don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with murder come november 8 she's out !
i look forward to meeting  @ joniernst today in new jersey she has done a great job as senator of iowa !
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday very impressed great people !
senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday despite a totally onesided interview by chuck todd the end result was solid !
in bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran 20 were killed !
when you can't say it  or see it  you can't fix it we will make america safe again !  # imwithyou  # americafirst 
just returned from colorado amazing crowd !
thank you for your support ! we will make america safe and great again !  # imwithyou  # americafirst 
these crimes won't be happening if i'm elected potus killer should have never been here  # americafirst 
 @ traceadkins great job on fox this morning keep up the good work !
as bernie sanders said hillary clinton has bad judgement bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary !
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx $50 million loan i have totally terminated the loan !
new book by  @ ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read !  # wakeupamerica
isis exploded on hillary clinton's watch she's done nothing about it and never will not capable !
will be in bangor maine today ! join me 4 pm e at the cross insurance center ! 
just watched senator john barrasso on  @ fox news   he was great ! thank you john
 @ jtsbk :    @ allenwest thanks for sharing eric we need  @ realdonaldtrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
hillary clinton’s presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country she is illfit with bad judgment
check it out  2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online ! watch it here :  
crooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the us senate goofy elizabeth warren who lied on heritage
 @ brazosboys :  hillary read sigh off the teleprompter she's so fake she has to be told how to feel :  
the dirty poll done by  @ abc  @ washingtonpost is a disgrace even they admit that many more democrats were polled other polls were good
crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations  while ignoring her own :  
clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads disgraceful !
crooked hillary clinton who called brexit 100 wrong along with obama is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call
just landed in new york  a one night stay in scotland turnberry came out magnificently my son eric did a great job  under budget !
we must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia dealing with the devastating floods  # imwithyou
 @ jolena3 realdonaldtrump and we will get it back once we have president trump ! can't wait !
 @ darrenwaggener realdonaldtrump what has happened in the uk in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in novembervote trump 2016
the opening of trump turnberry in scotland was a big success good timing i was here for brexit very exciting  news  conference today !
i want all americans to succeed together president obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for
read my full statement here on the supreme court's executive amnesty decision  # imwithyou 
hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart i am going to make our country safe again for all americans  # imwithyou
isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama    donald j trump
hillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency     donald j trump
thank you to donald rumsfeld for the endorsement very much appreciated clinton's conduct has been disqualifying
 @ justininglv realdonaldtrump great speech today ! it's all about america and that's why you will become president !  thank you
hillary says things can't change i say they have to change it's a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism  # imwithyou
hillary defrauded america as secy of state she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich ! corrupt dangerous dishonest
obamaclinton inherited $10t in debt and turned it into nearly $20t  they have bankrupted… 
hillary clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans  and make everyone less safe
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40 assecretary of state costing americans millions of jobs
hillary says this election is about judgment  she's right  her judgement has killed thousands unleashed isis and wrecked the economy
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our presidentreally bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess !
yesterday's failing  @ nytimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed ! 
in las vegas getting ready to speak !
make america great again ! make america safe again !
 @ votetrum pm aga :  the media attack on  @ realdonaldtrump is relentless they are desperate but they keep  # trump in the  news   a good thing
thank you dallas texas ! 
donald trumps speech is a game changer 
the trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton supports i will fix it fast jobs ! 
finally an accurate story from the washington post !
thank you atlanta georgia ! will be back soon !  # americafirst 
an :  media fell all over themselves criticizing what donaldtrump may have insinuated about  @ potus but he's right :  
america first !
crooked hillary says we must call on saudi arabia and other countries to stop funding hate i am calling on cont'd :  
in my speech on protecting america i spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to islamic terror
is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism ? if he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace !
goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be a native american in order to advance her career very racist !
thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania ! will be back soon !  # americafirst 
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers !  # americafirst 
sad case  @ usatoday did article saying i don't pay bills false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done ! they should do same !
in tampa florida thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
i rarely agree with president obama however he is 100 correct about crooked hillary clinton great ad !
heading to dc to speak at faith and freedom coalition and visit opo
donald trump plans to continue goplegacy of leading on women’s civil rights against racist sexist democrats 
the great boxing promoter don king just endorsed me nice !
a message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in tel aviv :  
obama just endorsed crooked hillary he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does !
 @ kathyceurter realdonaldtrump please mrtrump make  @ senatorjeffsessions your vp he is a perfect running mate  he is a great guy !
 @ joedefranco :  top rino hack for msnbc joey scarborough on the air and calling the next president trump a racist and bigot shame on you
 @ southpaw816 sensanders fans greatest way to get even with her highness  vote for  @ realdonaldtrump at least you'll have a job
 @ wolfstopper :  gee  does this make  @ realdonaldtrump right one more time ? 
 @ djdthunder :  standing by  @ realdonaldtrump all the way to the white house ! 
thank you ! together we will  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
in just out book secret service agent gary byrne doesn't believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president !
thank you diamond and silk ! 
a massive blow to obama's message  only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report that's really bad !
crooked hillary is being badly criticized for a wall street paid for ad by politifact for a false ad on me on women she is a total fraud !
 @ rapidcraft :  here’s the hillary university scandal no one in the media is talking about 
muhammad ali is dead at 74 ! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy he will be missed by all !
so much interest in my visit to scotland ! i greatly look forward to attending the opening event  @ trumpturnberry taking place on june 24th
i'm a former chief of police in a border town i'm hispanic i'm proud to be hispanic and i'm 100 behind trump
i don't watch or do  @ morningjoe anymore small audience low ratings ! i hear mika has gone wild with hate joe is joe they lost their way !
rally last night in san jose was great tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall big crowd outside small group of thugs burned am flag !
 @ liliannyleebou :  i think the first female president of the usa will be  @ ivankatrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady !
 @ lunsfordwhitney :  this is rich coming from her she tweeted you will be president !  # women4ttump  # trump2016 
 @ angeloftruth11 :  clinton says trump is dangerous who's the one who killed 4 americans in benghazi ?  
 @ crz4basball judgejeanine   @ realdonaldtrump looks like several legal hispanics supporting trump ! they know he will be good for them too
after  @ trumpscotland i will visit  @ trumpdoonbeg in ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the atlantic ocean
after  @ trumpturnberry i will be visiting aberdeen the oil capital of europe to see my great club  @ trumpscotland
on june 22 i will be going to scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated  @ trumpturnberry resort the worlds best
 @ nataliegulbis thank you for the nice piece in  @ sinow /  @ golfcomkeep up the great work ! 
 @ robertmordica realdonaldtrump only trump can save america right leader at the right time thank you !
 @ valenti317 realdonaldtrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her
 @ freesabd realdonaldtrump a vote for trump is a vote to restore our great country
a 60 increase in texas blue cross/blue shield through obamacare i told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode !
bad performance by crooked hillary clinton ! reading poorly from the telepromter ! she doesn't even look presidential !
crooked hillary clinton who i would love to call lyin' hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions
wow usa today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits verdict :  450 wins 38 losses isn't that what you want for your president ?
crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent  she should not be president her temperament is bad and her decision making abilityzilch !
same failing  @ nytimes reporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today will never learn !
congratulations to  @ seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings speaking of ratings i will be on his show tonight  @  10pe
just finished a press conference in trump tower wherein i gave information on which veterans groups got the $5600000 that i raised/gave !
so many great things happening  new poll numbers looking good !  news  conference at 11 : 00 am today trump tower !
i have a judge in the trump university civil case gonzalo curiel san diego who is very unfair an obama pick totally biasedhates trump
 @ teapartynevada trump2016 illegals are taken care of better than our veterans  
does president obama ever discuss the sneak attack on pearl harbor while he's in japan ? thousands of american lives lost  # mdw
 @ sandiegopd fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally greatly appreciated !
poll data shows that  @ marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida important to keep the majority run marco !
the inspector general's report on crooked hillary clinton is a disaster such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the wh
crooked hillary clinton just can't close the deal with bernie i had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates hillary doesn't have it
goofy senator elizabeth warren  @ elizabethforma has done less in the us senate than practically any other senator all talk no action !
 @ gordonsr1052 :   washington big thank you for supporting trump ! we are all going to help trump make america great again ! trump2016 !
 @ elizabethforma goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native american is a lowlife !
great rally in new mexico amazing crowd ! now in la big rally in anaheim
thank you  @ dailymail for setting the failing  @ nytimes story straight this is what the nyt's should have written ! 
crooked hillary clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement !
obama’s va secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread’ i will take care ofour vets !
crooked hillary wants a radical 500 increase in syrian refugees we can’t allow this time to get smart and protect america !
 @ dubilujane :  i trust  @ realdonaldtrump more anyone ever to protect americahe will do the right thing for the usa without a  doubt
crooked hillary clintons foreign interventions unleashed isis in syria iraq and libya she is reckless and dangerous !
crooked hillary is spending tremendous amounts of wall street money on false ads against me she is a very dishonest person !
crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment no gun owner can ever vote for clinton !
thank you  @ thetodaysgolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole  @ trump turnberry could be the most dramatic in britain
 @ montgomeriefdn  colin great to have you at trump turnberry so proud of you and your great playing ! you made winning majors look easy !
thank you for your wonderful endorsement today  @ tgowdysc it means a great deal to me we will not disappoint !  # trump2016
crooked hillary clinton looks presidential ? i don't think so ! four more years of obama and our country will never come back isis laughs !
thank you  @ ltstevenlrogers we will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017 !
how quality a woman is rowanne brewer lane to have exposed the  @ nytimes as a disgusting fraud ?  thank you rowanne
some lowlife journalist claims that i made a pass at her 29 years ago never happened ! like the  @ nytimes story which has become a joke !
thank you arizona ! see you soon ! # makeamericagreatagain 
why did clinton supporter  @ alisonforky declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasn't even called the race ?
paul begala the dopey  @ cnn flunky and head of the prohillary clinton super pac has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me
 @ magicmetalninja :   the trump movement will not be stopped we support trump because he is a true american looking out for  # americafirst
i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton ! democrat primaries are rigged email investigation is rigged  so time to get it on !
i can't believe that  @ cnn would allow the very nice jeffrey lord to be savaged by a panel of seven trump haters 7 to 1  don't watch cnn !
 @ cowboysfortrump christichat  @ rockprincess818  @ realdonaldtrump that man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
i like michael douglas !
 @ johnjohnlacca :  donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview cannot wait until u r president  # megynkellypresents
 @ janik1968 realdonaldtrump  @ speakerryan watched the megan kelly special and i must sayit was very well done on both their parts
 @ kaceyilliot1669 realdonaldtrump we actually really do love you ! great !
 @ jlund04 megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light well done
 @ frankdallasagg megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump trump is a great man and is fighting for we the people !
 @ ladyjoanne megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megan please don't lose it for america for us !
 @ curtandkaren :  kudos to  @ megynkelly and  @ realdonaldtrump for rising above the drama and coming together very respectful and classy  ? ?
 @ gerriweth megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump made me feel good to hear you both so gracious great job
 @ manakoa : donaldtrump you are fearless ! this interview shows you are the leader we need  @ megynkelly is a tough interview ! respect to both
 @ trumptrainrider realdonaldtrump watching you on fox with  @ megynkelly now can't wait to hear what you two talked about
i will be live tweeting  @ megynkelly show in 10 minutes should be interesting will be on fox network ! enjoy !
i will be live tweeting my interview with  @ megynkelly on the fox network tonight at 8 ! enjoy ! 
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders will be another bad day for her !
oregon is voting today keep the big numbers going  vote trump ! make america great again !
crooked hillary clinton put out an ad where i am misquoted on women can't believe she would misrepresent the facts ! my hit was on china
a political commentator for  @ cnn which i no longer watch said trump showed some weakness in the repub primaries i set alltime record !
wow rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing  @ nytimes story yesterday was on  @ foxandfriends saying times lied
the  @ washingtonpost report on potential vp candidates is wrong marco rubio and most others mentioned are not under consideration
thank you georgia ! see you soon ! # trump2016 
why doesn't the failing  @ nytimes write the real story on the clintons and women ? the media is totally dishonest !
 @ tzard000 realdonaldtrump  @ nytimes everyone continues to pile onto donald but they can never take away our votes !  thank you !
thank you for the nice words this morning  @ kellyriddell well delivered and totally logical !  @ cnn    @ fox news 
great new poll thank you ! 
great day in dc with  @ speakerryan and republican leadership things working out really well !  # trump2016 
if it were up to goofy elizabeth warren we’d have no jobs in america—she doesn’t have a clue
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage see media—asking for increase !
our native american senator goofy elizabeth warren couldn’t care less about the american worker…does nothing to help !
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
goofy elizabeth warren didn’t have the guts to run for potus her phony native american heritage stops that and vp cold
hillary has bad judgment ! 
it was rosie o'donnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me not crooked hillary !  @ marthamaccallum
  # re pm ikekelly  great job on  @ foxandfriends this morning thank you for the nice words !
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump but i had 17 people to beat—she had one !
 @ daybastrop  @ foxandfriends  @ bretbaier the liars that signed the pledge and now won't support  @ realdonaldtrump is the reason they are losers
 @ nathandwilsonfl mariabartiromo you had a great interview with donald today ! i started watching your show due to donald trump
wow i hear  @ morningjoe has gone really hostile ever since i said i won't do or watch the show anymorethey misrepresent my positions !
 @ kellyannepolls  kellyanne you were fantastic on  @ meetthepress today keep going  i will win for the people make america great again !
i will be interviewed on  @ meetthepress this morning enjoy !
 @ matandsher :  i want a leader that will shoot straight with us the politicians can't  @ realdonaldtrump will give his all for us !
 @ edgoeas thank you for your support tonight on  @ judgejeanine
remember when the two failed presidential candidates lindsey graham and jeb bush signed a binding pledge ? they broke the deal no honor !
i am going to keep our jobs in the us and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure crooked hillary has no clue !  @ teamsters
join me in washington today !spokane tickets : 
goofy elizabeth warren is weak and ineffective does nothing all talk no action  maybe her native american name ?
goofy elizabeth warren and her phony native american heritage are on a twitter rant she is too easy ! i'm driving her nuts
just met with courageous family of sarah root in nebraska sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy
goofy elizabeth warren hillary clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie she is not native american
let’s properly check goofy elizabeth warren’s records to see if she is native american i say she’s a fraud !
i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate i will defeat them both
i hear  @ joenbc of rapidly fading  @ morningjoe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run this will guarantee a crooked hillary win
joe scarborough initially endorsed jeb bush and jeb crashed then john kasich and that didn't work not much power or insight !
crooked hillary has zero leadership ability as bernie sanders says she has bad judgement constantly playing the women's card  it is sad !
 @ ausbiz :   many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time !  # makeamericagreatagain  # trumptrain
governor rick perry said donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency i've ever seen thank you rick !
happy  # cincodemayo ! the best taco bowls are made in trump tower grill i love hispanics ! 
join me in charleston wv  tomorrow ! 
i will be interviewed on  @ todayshow and good morning america at 7 : 00 am
wow lyin' ted cruz really went wacko today made all sorts of crazy charges can't function under pressure  not very presidential sad !
gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs and he thanks me ! i will bring back jobs to usa
i am on  @ fox news sunday with chris wallace his 20th year anniversary with  # fns throughout the day enjoy ! 
will be in terre haute indiana in a short while  big rally ! see you soon !
thank you  @ mikeozanian for the nice comments on  @ fox news  today great job !
wow the ridiculous deal made between lyin'ted cruz and 1 for 42 john kasich has just blown up what a dumb deal  dead on arrival !
thank you costa mesa california ! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away i will be back !  # trump2016 
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends with the legendary coach bobby knight tomorrow morning enjoy !  # indprimary 
heading to rally with bobby now ! see you soon !
so many false and phony tv commercials being broadcast in indiana reminds me of florida where thousands were put upi won in a landslide !
i will be in evansville indiana with the great bobby knight who last night endorsed me at 12 : 00 this afternoon see you there !
lyin' ted cruz who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory has chosen a vpcandidate who failed badly in her own effort
i will be interviewed on the  @ todayshow at 7 : 00 am this morning enjoy !
thank you laura !  
thank you newt ! 
thank you ! 
thank you for a great day yesterday rhode island !  # votetrump
passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in pennsylvania so sad !  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ borisep was great on  @ judgejeanine tonight very smart commentary that will prove to be correct !
congratulations to  @ seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the  @ ap today amazing job !
thank you indiana ! was great seeing everyone on wednesday ! i will be back soon !  # trump2016
thank you for the incredible support maryland ! this is a movement ! # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016
cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237 now he can't get to 1237 drop out lyin' ted
had a meeting with the terrific  @ govpencein of indiana so excited to campaign in his wonderful state ! 
 # trump360 watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump tower 
 @ keksecorg realdonaldtrump your policies will make this state and country great again !  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ kdk144 realdonaldtrump everybody is in a new york state of mind now !
thank you eric ! 
thank you california ! will see you soon !  # makeamericagreatagain 
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes i am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses it won't work !
lyin' ted cruz will never be able to beat hillary despite a rigged delegate system i am hundreds of delegates ahead of him
just arrived in syracuse ny big crowd great place ! we will bring back the desperately needed jobs  # nyprimary 
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends at 9 : 00 am i will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled republican primaries !
 @ wdct8110 realdonaldtrump we love you donald  ! finally someone who actually cares about us 
 @ bubble709 realdonaldtrump praying for your family and your win in new york thank you !
big protest march in colorado on friday afternoon ! don't let the bosses take your vote !
great to be on  @ andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family will be rebroadcast at 12 : 00 am  eastern
a very interesting piece by a very good writer  @ kirstenpowers of  @ usatoday and  @ fox news  
leaving for albany new york now massive crowd expected very exciting !
why does the liberal media think bill o'reilly   @ oreillyfactor is a complete and total vulgarian ? i don't think so !
this is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians repub party is in trouble ! 
 @ beckerberta vivhall3  @ reince millions more will burn their republican registration if gop continues to subvert the will of the people
 @ metalmom888 :    @ theresacali if the gop screws trump his millions will walk from the gop never to return ! they better think long and hard
 @ anncoulter :  gop is trying to steal nomination from the winner trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner sanders
 @ governorsavage realdonaldtrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ gene70 realdonaldtrump the real person of the year ! 
 @ lilrachiepoo realdonaldtrump thank you mr trump for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ repalonelori realdonaldtrump  @ kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job ! saw you in bethpage  !  ? ? ? thank you
 @ re pm artindaniel :  we support you  # haileypuckett you will go far in life smart and courageous !
nobody beats me on national security 
 @ wpayton344 paulmanafort great interview on cnnbeing from ct i am thrilled you are part of this teamgo trump !
unbelievable evening just made a speech in front 17000 amazing new yorkers in bethpage long island great to be home !
i was not scheduled to be on the  @ oreillyfactor pure fiction !
wow  @ politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting good news   bad dishonest journalists ! 
 @ roadsho :  challenge to all wi gun owners vote  @ realdonaldtrumpthe only candidate that will protect your rights ! 
will be interviewed on  @ seanhannity on  @ fox news  from  # wisconsin tonight my wife melania will join me for the entire show
congratulations jim herman ! we are all proud of you  @ trumpgolf !
this tweet from  @ realdonaldtrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder
 @ wheels155 :  @ cnn is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about  @ realdonaldtrump cuz there would be 00 ratings if not media's a joke
i will be on  @ fox news sunday with chris wallace this morning enjoy !
if  @ megynkelly stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock ! my h to h interview with  @ ac360 beat her by millions !
does anybody like lyin' ted ? 
for the 1st time in american history america’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me ! thank you
the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates cruz plus 143 delegates kasich is more than my 739 delegates try again !
the club for growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a wisconsin ad with incorrect mathwhat a dumb group !
 @ susanbirchfiel1 :  nothing you say will change my mind ! woman for  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ gearssuxs loudobbs news   @ realdonaldtrump i'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary  great !
 @ davidgregory got thrown off of tv by nbc fired like a dog ! now he is on  @ cnn being nasty to me not nice !
final  # 's just announced in the great state of mo trump wins ! new certified  # 's show a 365 vote increase for me  @  least 12 more delegates !
wow corey lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter look at tapesnothing there !
wow  @ cnn has nothing but my opponents on their shows really onesided and unfair reporting maybe i shouldn't do their townhall tonight !
a detainee released from gitmo has killed an american when will our socalled leaders ever learn !
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 30 things are looking good had a great easterlook forward to spending the week in wisconsin !
see lyin' ted even the  @ dailybeast no fan of mine says this story came from rubio not trump ! 
i am interviewed on this week on  @ abc this morning enjoy !
 @ stancoltrane :  turns out  @ glennbeck was wrong  @ realdonaldtrump had nothing to do with it 
top suspect in paris massacre salah abdeslam who also knew of the brussels attack is no longer talking weak leaders ridiculous laws !
 @ 11phenomenon lyingted blames  @ realdonaldtrump for so many things i am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis
i didn't start the fight with lyin'ted cruz over the gq cover pic of melania he did he knew the pac was putting it out  hence lyin' ted !
 @ doctorsfreud :    @ theview they're all braindead puppets with skeletons in their closet i say you go on and destroy them all a dead show
 @ lindseygrahamsc and lyin' ted cruz are two politicians who are very much alike  all talk and no action ! both talk about isis do nothing !
 @ debrarakestraw :   you have over 2m followers more than than  @ hillaryclinton this says something about how america feels  # trump2016  ?
i think having jeb's endorsement hurts lyin' ted jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing i spent a fraction of that and am first !
just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years and look where we are !
low energy jeb bush just endorsed a man he truly hates lyin’ ted cruz honestly i can’t blame jeb in that i drove him into oblivion !
lyin’ ted cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from michael douglas— just another dishonest politician
lyin' ted cruz denied that he had anything to do with the gq model photo post of melania that's why we call him lyin' ted !
lyin' ted cruz just used a picture of melania from a gq shoot in his ad be careful lyin' ted or i will spill the beans on your wife !
 @ mypresidentme :  here's trump  # aipac2016 in case anyone missed it it is a must watch 
wow president obama just landed in cuba a big deal and raul castro wasn't even there to greet him he greeted pope and others no respect
big republican dinner tonight at maralago in palm beach i will be there !
 @ gamzorz :    @ megynkelly dont worry trump they are losing thousands of viewers and money roger ailes will be telling megyn to stop
the protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my rally in arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters !
will be interviewed on  @ thisweekabc this morning enjoy !
 @ jessebwatters watching your show from arizona where we just had a big rally it is fantastic everybody loves it ! # makeamericagreatagain
 @ diamondandsilk just watched you on  # wattersworld with a large group of people everybody loves you two amazing people !  # trump2016
thank you arizona ! 20000 amazing supporters ! get out and  # votetrump on tuesday i love you ! # makeamericagreatagain 
wow  @ cnn ratings are up 75 because it's all trump all the time the networks are making a fortune off of me ! make america great again !
 @ donaldjtrumpjr :  honored to be in  # utah with retired general robert c oaks we are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in slc
 @ ashleyedam :  it's great to see supporters like you along the waywatching americans come together the past 8 months  # votetrump
 @ grammy620 :  1st time i heard  # trump i said wow i liked him ! i then became a closet  # trump fan today ? he's the only 1 i will vote for !
watching  @ loudobbs news  fantastic show ! has very interesting take on paul ryan
just leaving salt lake city utah fantastic crowd with no interruptions love utah will be back !
going to salt lake city utah for a big rally lyin' ted cruz should not be allowed to win there  mormons don't like liars ! i beat hillary
club for growth letter trying to extort $100000000 from me remember i said no ! 
club for growth tried to extort $1000000 from me when i said no they went hostile with negative ads disgraceful !
 @ ewerickson got fired like a dog from redstateand now he is the one leading opposition against me
senator  @ lindseygrahamsc made horrible statements about  @ sentedcruz – and then he endorsed him no wonder nobody trusts politicians !
who should star in a reboot of liar liar hillary clinton or ted cruz ? let me know 
crazy  @ megynkelly is now complaining that   @ oreillyfactor did not defend her against me  yet her bad show is a total hit piece on metough !
crazy  @ megynkelly supposedly had lyin' ted cruz on her show last night ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse ted can't win !
stuart stevens the failed campaign manager of mitt romney's historic loss is now telling the republican party what to do with trump sad !
i will be interviewed on the o'reilly factor this evening at 8  pm  on the fox  news  channel  @ oreillyfactor
wow just won missouri !
yesterday was amazing—5 victories  lyin’ ted cruzhad zero things are going very well !
 @ maryeh428 realbencarson i thank god you are on board with  @ realdonaldtrump to help him and us  # makeamericagreatagain ty ! !
thank you marco i agree ! 
watching other networks and local  news  really good night ! crazy  @ megynkelly is unwatchable
 @ jsconlon11 :    @ bertshad  @ fox news   @ megynkelly i tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti trump cheerleading team
 @ bertshad :  was going to watch  @ fox news  for the primary results but saw  @ megynkelly  looks like  # cnn tonight
north carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost 400000 since 2000 going to mexico etc no more if i win we will bring back !
just in big  news  i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 728 of the vote ! thank you !  # supertuesday  # votetrump
don't reward mitt romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for kasich who voted for nafta open borders etc
kasich voted for nafta a disaster for ohio and now wants the even worse tpp approved vote trump and end this madness !
 @ realwwshelton loudobbs news  i believe that  @ realdonaldtrump will be the big winner tomorrow  thank you !
 @ brazielcarol fox news   @ realdonaldtrump who started this mess the protesters of course  and media made it worse
kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in ohio i will bring them back !  # makeamericagreatagain
gov kasich voted for nafta which devastated ohio and is now pushing tpp hard bad for american workers !
leaving the great people of north carolina amazing event heading to tampa now !  # votetrump
we don't have a country if we don't have borders  # votetrump video :  
carly fiorina i agree ! ted cruz is just another politician all talk no action !
govkasich of ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the  @ golfchannel
ohio govkasich voted for nafta from which ohio has never recovered now he wants tpp which will be even worse ohio steel and coal dying !
wow kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of pennsylvania not enough signatures big problem !
the rally in cincinnati is on media put out false reports that it was cancelled !  # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016
absentee governor kasich voted for nafta and nafta devastated ohio  a disaster from which it never recovered kasich is good for mexico !
i just got off the phone with the great people of guam ! thank you for your support !  # votetrump today !  # trump2016
rumor has it that  @ politico is going out of business losing too much money great  news  ! likewise dopey mort zuckerman's  @ nydaily news 
 @ adriparsonss thetrumptrain  @ realdonaldtrump  # donald trump is your man america he is the best ! vote for him ! thank you !
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house  # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
i hear  @ nbc news  /  @ wsj came out with another one of their phony polls while i am leading they are totally discredited after last sc poll
sun sentinel says :  rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president he has not earned your vote !
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu i’ll be there very soon vote for me hawaii !
don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight rubio and the r establishment dishonest people !
leaving for north carolina big crowd will be fun !
congratulation to adam scott and all of the folks at trump national doral on producing a really great wgc tournament amazing finish !
i will be using facebook and twitter to expose dishonest lightweight senator marco rubio a record noshow in senate he is scamming florida
lindsey graham is all over tv much like failed 47 candidate mitt romney these nasty angry jealous  failures have zero credibility !
failed presidential candidate lindsey graham should respect me i destroyed his run brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out now nasty !
i am at trump national doralbest resort in us rory and adam scott are doing great ! watch on nbc at 3 : 00  pm   make america great again !
thank you to  @ jdickerson and  @ facethenation for a very fair and professional interview this morning no wonder you are  # 1 in the ratings !
fraud lightweight marco made a tv ad on trumpu featuring 2 people who signed these letters :  
the primary plaintiff in the phony trump university suit wants to abandon the case disgraceful !
i will be interviewed on  @ facethenation this morning enjoy jdickerson
 @ fox news  is devastated that lightweight senator marco rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser i won the two big states great !
i will be at the cadillac world golf championship  @ trumpdoral in miami tomorrow ! rory phil bubba adam and dustin all at the top !
i would love to be at the cadillac world golf championship  @ trumpdoral in miami but even more so in orlando with the  # trumptrain !
i am watching two clown announcers on  @ fox news  as they try to build up failed presidential candidate  # littlemarco fox  news  is in the bag !
 @ mittromney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked ! romney is a total joke and everyone knows it !
thank you kansas ! thousands of people inside and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall really amazing !  # caucusfortrump
to the people of kentucky rand paul didn't want you now he runs back due to his presidential failure  # votetrump  # makeamericagreatagain
why would anyone in kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate rand paul re :  caucus made a fool of himself 1ky his 2nd choice !
wow big lines in kansas
thank you cadillac michigan !  # votetrum pm i on 3/8/2016 we will make america great again !
 @ sirhatchporch :  mary kissel is an snl character right ? she's not a real person right ?  # morningjoe  she is a major loser  no clue !
the better business bureau report with an a rating for trump university  # gopdebate 
senator sessions will serve as the chairman of my national security advisory committee 
will miss  @ realbencarson tonight at the  # gopdebate i hope all of ben's followers will join the  # trumptrain we will never forget
go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship ! on now !
failed candidate mitt romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big r win !
failed presidential candidate mitt romney is having a  news  conference tomorrow to criticize me 1/2
 @ cnn poll just hit 49 for trump interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight marco rubio has turned nasty love it !
 @ joenbc :  fox calls virginia for trump if it holds it's a big win for trump and a big setback for rubio who needed to win the state
 @ danpfeiffer :  for the record most democrats would much rather face cruz than trump  so true !
thank you columbus ohio ! 
the people of south carolina are embarrassed by nikki haley !
phony rubio commercial i could have settled but won't out of principle ! see student surveys 
trump university has a 98 approval rating i could have settled but won't out of principle !
thank you virginia ! 15000 amazing supporters ! everyone get out and  # votetrump tomorrow ! 
i will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in huntsville/madison alabama ! landing now !  # trump2016
little marco rubio treated america's ice officers like absolute trash in order to pass obama's amnesty 
little marco rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses disgrace ! 
little marco rubio is just another washington dc politician that is all talk and no action  # robotrubio 
 @ emagabi23 :  rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
lightweight senator marco rubio is polling very poorly in florida the people can't stand him for missing so many votes  poor work ethic !
little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is just another washington politician 
mitt romney didn't show his tax return until september 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by harry bad messenger for estab !
as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke i disavow 
little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is set to be the puppet of the special interest koch brothers watch !
while hillary and i both won south carolina by big margins repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cyclesgrowing party
the republican establishment has been pushing for lightweight senator marco rubio to say anything to hit trumpi signed the pledgecareful
 @ charleshodgson1 lot more water after this bombshell rubio you are an enemy of america  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ fairess369 :  it is a sad commentary little boy marco rubio can't win in his home state floridians despise him as a opportunist phony
 @ ronniememo :  donaldtrump is a leader he is a successful person that like me isn’t afraid to tell it like it is governor  @ chrischristie
 # rogerstone was just banned by  @ cnn  their loss ! tough loyal guy
i only wish my wonderful father fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight rubio says he didn't  total fabrication !
i am selffunding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight rubio or ted cruz !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 8 : 30 am will be talking about lightweight marco rubio and lying ted cruz !
 @ itsblakec realdonaldtrump trump is a genius rubio and cruz are not i want a brilliant mind to run this country
 @ donnieboysmith realdonaldtrump in contrast to rubio and cruz you look like a giant they look terribly weak thank you !
lightweight marco rubio was working hard last night the problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker ! mr meltdown
lightweight choker marco rubio looks like a little boy on stage not presidential material !
lying ted cruz and lightweight choker  marco rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement they failed !
will be at fort worth texas convention center at 11 : 30 am big crowd  get there early ! big announcement to be made !
i will be making a speech at 12 : 00 in fort worth texas really big crowd expected will be talking about the debate last nightplus plus !
 @ mjp1370 realdonaldtrump cruz talks about hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you  ! trump will win texas  !
 @ donell27743094 realdonaldtrump trump won the debate disgusting rubio said peed  is he still in junior high school
 @ tdltdltdltdl :   marco cruz and ted rubio easy to get the two politicians confused looked like desperate panicked.c.nsiders tonight
 @ skylerdeckard realdonaldtrump that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate
big day in texas tomorrow ! having a rally in fort worth tremendous crowd will be exciting !  # trump2016 
thank you ! we will make america great again !  # trump2016 
early on ted cruz said that if he didn't win south carolina it's over he didn't win and lost to me in a landslide !
i'm going to do what  @ mittromney was totally unable to do win !
signing a recent tax return isn't this ridiculous ? 
just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth i have already filed my financial statements w/ fec they are great !
 @ classyexplorer :    @ ahernandez85a romney is a pawn of the establishment and has no individual thought process he is jealous of trump !
 @ conservativevin :    @ ahernandez85a romney should have been a tough guy with obama he cowered and lost badly ! he's not relevant !
 @ stevekwebb realdonaldtrump love it !  @ tedcruz is done we need someone who is proven  @ realdonaldtrump will make america great again
 @ repchriscollins  chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement i will not let you down !  @ cnn
why would texans vote for liar ted cruz when he was born in canada lived there for 4 yearsand remained a canadian citizen until recently
 @ usatoday poll and  @ quinnipiacpoll say that i beat both hillary and bernie and i havn't even started on them yet !
big defeat last night in nevada for ted cruz and marco rubio  @ karlrove on  @ fox news  is working hard to belittle my victory rove is sick !
go vote from now to 8 : 30  pm  nevada i will be at various caucus sites make america great again !
great just reported on  @ fox news  that many people who supported  @ jebbush are now supporting me i knew that would happen pundits didn't !
wow great ohio poll shows me leading by 5 points beating k !
 @ jojo2foxy :  trump is unstoppablehe is what common sense americans want whether republican independent or a reagan democrat
 @ vogelsong1 edrollins gets it was just on  @ fox news  explaining how trump wins the general election  thank you ed !
wow was ted cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication he used him as a scape goatfired like a dog ! ted panicked
ted cruz said on  @ oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens another liecrazy !
a big fat hit job on  @ oreillyfactor tonight a total waste of time to watch boring and biased  @ brithume said i would never run a dope !
just watched the very incompetent mitt romney campaign strategist stuart stevens now i know why mitt lost so badly stevens is a clown !
ted cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in iowa weak rnc and republican leadership probably won't let this happen ! sad
ted cruz has now apologized to marco rubio and ben carson for fraud and dirty tricks no wonder he has lost evangelical support !
wow ted cruz falsely suggested marco rubio mocked the bible and was just forced to fire his communications director more dirty tricks !
 @ 1sonny12 ksmith233035  @ mitchellvii  floridians are upset because rubio did not do what he promised once he was elected ! vote trump
 @ gregusp61 :  you really rocked them hard in sc rubio and cruz were pummled so glad jeb is gone ! next no liar !
thank you atlanta georgia ! leaving for nevada now lets make america safe and great again ! 
thank you south carolina !  
a quote was read from a parody account last night on msnbc re :  jeb  
the failing  @ wsj wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board seldom has a paper been so wrongtotally biased !
remember that marco rubio is very weak on illegal immigration south carolina needs strength as illegals and syrians pour in don't allow it
 @ joenbc :  trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began while 60 of americans still supported the war 
 @ trumpnewmedia :  why does ted cruz lie so much ? let's face it ted never created even 1 job his entire life !  # watch :  
 @ familyredsfans fox news  is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio  # fairandbalancedmyass  he is weak on illegal immigration !
lying  # ted cruz just on election day came out with a sneak and sleazy robocall he holds up the bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol !
 @ rwalkertennesse southcarolina if you want a job next january  @ votefortrump today  @ realdonaldtrump will work for the people
 @ dnmiller2000 realdonaldtrump i'm a regan dem and believe in your message ! god bless you and your campaign !
boycott all apple products  until such time as apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical islamic terrorist couple from cal
remember cruz and bush gave us roberts who upheld  # obamacare twice ! i am the only one who will  # makeamericagreatagain !
thank you south carolina ! everyone get out and vote tomorrow ! we will  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
 @ kathytravels777 : andersoncooper tonight on cnn  @ realdonaldtrump was great loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a liar !
 @ fox news  is changing their  theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced but dying  @ wsj is worsetheir phony poll is a  joke !
thank you south carolina ! together we will make america great again !  # votetrumpsc 
new cbs national poll just out  massive lead for trump the wall street journal/nbc poll is a total joke no wonder wsj is doing so badly !
just out nevada poll shows jeb bush at 1 he should take his dumb mouthpiece  @ lindseygrahamsc and just go home
thank you   @ kayleighmcenany for your nice words  great knowledge and style ! we are doing really well in south carolina  @ cnn  @ donlemon
 @ good2bqueen67 :    @ brithume  @ megynkelly they're too lame to get it sir when you win the election they'll get it
thank you to the 2500 in north augusta south carolina lines down the block ! don't forget to vote on saturday ! 
just sat down for a great interview with  @ phussionwyff in greenville today watch at 5 pm  an amazing day in south carolina !  # votetrumpsc
new ppp poll just out  trump up big cruz rubio and bush down the debate results even with a stacked rnc audience were wonderful !
thank you for your continued support ! # makeamericagreatagain 
response to the lies of senator cruz :  
now that george bush is campaigning for jeb ! is he fair game for questions about world trade center iraq war and eco collapse ? careful !
jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates hillary would destroy them ted may not be eligible to run  born in canada
ted cruz along with jeb bush pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court roberts could have killed obamacare twice but didn't !
even though every poll time drudge etc has me winning the debate by a lot  @ fox news  only puts negative people on biased  a total joke !
hey  @ glennbeck see how i beat your boy ted in your own blaze poll ? your endorsement means nothing !  # gopdebate
all polls have me winning debate big drudge time etc dopey charles krauthammer still nasty he has zero cred totally dishonest !
how can  @ jebbush beat hillary clinton if he can't beat anyone else on the  # gopdebate stage with $150m ? i am the only one who can !
on the way to the  # gopdebate with my wonderful wife  @ melaniatrump
ted cruz is a cheater ! he holds the bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts !
the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country !
 @ wino911 :    # trump2016 we know better than to trust the rnc 
get on trump's list email from the rnc was not authorized i am self funding my campaign ! do not pay email :  
 @ elvisfan1976 nrsc stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free donaldtrump sticker i support him and he's self funding !
 @ nellalda donaldjtrump45  @ realdonaldtrump  @ reince they are all going crazy ! we the people do not care at all ! we are with trump ! !
a very big thank you to bill donohue head of the catholic league for the wonderful interview on  @ cnn and article in  news max ! great insight
totally unauthorized do not pay i am self funding my campaign ! notice has just been withdrawn  # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain
now an additional 600700 jobs in america 2000 being eliminated for move to mexico via hartford courant 
word is that little morty zuckerman’s  @ nydaily news  loses more than $50 million per yearcan that be possible ?
when little morty zuckerman closes his failing  @ nydaily news  will i at least be given some credit ? will happen soon
millions of $'s of false ads  paid for by lobbyistsspecial interests of cheater  @ sentedcruz  and sleepy  @ jebbush are now running in sc
 @ copyover2001 realdonaldtrump   do americans really want a canadianborn president ? first non native born in history ?
 @ hillx123 tedcruz you have just been put on notice  @ realdonaldtrump we stand with you  # makeamericagreatagain thankyou
last time lightweight  @ jebbush tried to knock off  @ marcorubio he made a total fool of himself if he doesn't do better this time he is out !
lightweight  @ jebbush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in sc false advertising desperate and sad !
you must be registered republican by february 16th to vote trump in the florida primary 
the failing  @ nydaily news  destroyed by little morty zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online it's dead !
nevada ! tomorrow is the deadline to register republicanvisit :  
just landed in baton rouge louisiana reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in wow !  # makeamericagreatagain
cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/  @ realbencarson how can he preach christian values ? 
jeb failed as jeb ! he gave up and enlisted mommy and his brother who got us into the quicksand of iraq spent $120 millionweakno chance !
 @ markhalperin showed a focus group on  @ morningjoe me using a very bad word i never said the word left an open blank please apologize !
jeb bush spent more than $40000000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5 i spent $3000000 to come in 1st big difference in capability !
there are no buyers for the worthless  @ nydaily news  but little mort zuckerman is frantically looking it is bleeding red ink  a total loser !
 @ haryder :  which is it  @ realdonaldtrump  ?are you planning on getting rid of common core or keeping it ?  get rid of it fast
like the worthless  @ nydaily news  looks like  @ politico will be going out of business bad reporting no money no cred !
new hampshire vote today   make america great again !
a message to the great people of new hampshire on this important day !  # votetrumpnh video :  
remember  @ jebbush wants common core education from dc and is very weak on illegal immigration come as act of love not a leader !
everybody is laughing at jeb bushspent $100 million and is at bottom of pack a pathetic figure !
jeb bush is desperate  strongly in favor of  # commoncore and very weak on illegal immigration
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall in salem new hampshire  # fitn  # nhprimary 
jeb bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a super bowl ad he is a weak candidate !
my two wonderful sons don and eric will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 02  now ! enjoy
i am in new hampshire having a great time ! loved the  # gopdebate last night ! everybody enjoy the super bowl  # superbowlsunday  # sb50
thank you newt !  
we are going to have a big event at the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire ! 5k ! join us tomorrow :  
i am on  @ foxandfriends now ! tune in !
i will be on state of the union  @ cnn with  @ jaketapper at 9am enjoy !
 @ joenbc :  trump just talked on msnbc like a man who knows he had a very good night
 @ newtgingrich :  trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
 @ abc : donaldtrump :  the police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order  # gopdebate 
come join us at the verizon wireless center manchester new hampshire on 2/8 ! register now :  
 @ paintonmyjeans :  if i owned a big company that was failing i'd hire donaldtrump to make it great againrubio/cruz wouldnt be considered
 @ ukcatwoman52 ericnlin  @ ac360 all candidates liars trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what trump is saying
 @ autumnandews08 realdonaldtrump trump will win the debate like he has won all the others ! he is heads above the rest !  # votetrump thanks !
 @ ericnlin ac360 donaldtrump :  no raise in 8 years home not worth what i paid for it healthcare is a joke obama is a liar  trump 2016
border agent :  we might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether
10000 people in south carolina unbelievable evening ! will be in new hampshire tomorrow love it 
really dumb  @ cherijacobus begged my people for a job turned her down twice and she went hostile major loser zero credibility !
 @ maryann1942 realdonaldtrump why vote for trump ? unlike politicians all talk trump’s talk materializes ! he will make america great again
heading to south carolina really big crowd ! will be back in new hampshire tomorrow # makeamericagreatagain
i will be interviewed by anderson cooper at 8 pm  on  @ cnn from new hampshire should be very interesting !
taking a helicopter to new hampshire boarding now amazing activity planned new umass poll very nice ! 
politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd amendment i won’t let them take away our guns !  # trump2016watch :  
this is the cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum 
 @ oreillyfactor  @ karlrove as per the show an even more serious cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone
thank you to everyone in little rock arkansas tonight ! a record crowd of 12k  # trump2016
dr ben carson blasted ted cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies
this was sent out from ted cruz as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote  # cruzfraud 
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified
and finally cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers voters that trump was strongly in favor of obamacare and choice  a total lie !
during primetime of the iowa caucus cruz put out a release that  @ realbencarson was quitting the race and to caucus or vote for cruz
great job on  @ donlemon tonight  @ kayleighmcenany   @ cherijacobus begged us for a job we said no and she went hostile a real dummy !  @ cnn
on my way to new hampshire expecting a big and spirited crowd !  # fitn  # trump2016 
anybody who watched all of ted cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his howard dean moment !
 @ stephbewitching  @ realdonaldtrump all you haters need to realize trump got the second highest vote in history and he's never held office !
so nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of pizza ranch in iowa ! a great guy and great places !  # caucusfortrump
i will be interviewed on face the nation with  @ jdickerson this morning enjoy !
ted cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important financial disclosure form very low interest loans scam !
ted cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run born in canada will loose big to hillary polls show i beat hillary easily ! win !
 @ bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man when i wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed cruz  @ foxandfriends
 @ bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event the people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himselfphony  @ foxandfriends
 @ bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy asked me for expensive hotel rooms free and more i said pay and he endorsed cruz !
i want to thank evangelical christians for the warm embrace i've received on the campaign trail video :  
hillary clinton is a major national security risk not presidential material !
 @ gigglemitz geraldorivera   @ fox news  damn fox is really acting like a baby today i guess trump got under their skin  pretty biased !
 @ classyexplorer oreillyfactor  @ drudge so bill if america was so longing to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss ?
amazing that ted cruz can't even get a senator like  @ bensasse who is easy to endorse him not one senator  is endorsing canada ted !
the great state of nebraska can do much better than  @ bensasse as your senator saw him on  @ greta  totally ineffective wants paid for pols
every american needs to say 2 simple words to every vet they meet :  thank you ! john wayne walding 
great twitter poll and i wasn't even there thank you !  # gopdebate 
thank you america !  
an unbelievable night in iowa with our great veterans ! we raised $600000000 while the politicians talked !  # gopdebate
watching biased charles  @ krauthammer a  @ fox news  flunky who didn't know that i won every debate in particular the last one check polls !
i hear that  @ sentedcruz’s $$ man robert mercer a good man is very angry because cruz lied to him about liquidating his ted’s holdings ?
“what america needs :  the case for trump” great new book by the esteemed jeffrey lord  @ jeffjlpa1 available now 
 @ gmoneyrainmaker :  i hope  @ cnn has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching  @ fox news  watching trump tonight  # gopdebate
 @ hollywoodjv realdonaldtrump mr trump why does cruz hate canada so much he should embrace his roots it's a great country  so true !
 @ rickgobbi realdonaldtrump hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is  great idea !
 @ plazzmatic realdonaldtrump  @ danpgabriel sounds like the advertisers want trump he knows what he is doing
 @ hankrearden :  i respected cruz ppl until this lie we're just tired of it from your side 1949z  @ steph93065 
 @ davejager1 cretar 9  pm  channel 70 cnn i will be watching trump tonight want to have a person in the white house that takes no bs
fox debate advertising rates falling like a rock ! tune into my special event for the veterans at 9 pm  est !
pathetic attempt by  @ fox news  to try and build up ratings for the  # gopdebate without me they'd have no ratings ! 
trump shows complete domination of facebook conversation 
do you think  @ sentedcruz knows about  @ bobvanderplaats dealings ? actually i doubt it !
should i do the  # gopdebate ? 
 @ bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy !
great honor rev jerry falwell jr of liberty university one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me !
i will end common core it's a disaster
 @ laurencristmann :    @ sharptrident  @ megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because i know they are going to treat trump unfair
 @ sharptrident :  a huge disappointment to see  @ megynkelly constantly attack donaldtrump it has become almost unbearable to watch her show
 @ jackburtonreflx :    @ jdenino1  @ davidwohl  @ ss i listen to glenn beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense same with the view
just landed in new hampshire will be at the venue shortly  # fitn
leaving now for new hampshire big crowd looking forward to it !  # fitn
cruz going down fast in recent polls dropping like a rock lies never work !
i will be on morning's with maria on the fox business network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am et hours
i will be on the situation room with  @ wolfblitzer from 57 pm  est on cnn
 @ rketeltas :  rubio isn't experienced enough to be commander in chief rubio is a carbon copy of obama we need a true leader vote trump
 @ tuggers56  pm geezer hillary is so afraid of him the gop is afraid of him the american people embrace him ! let's elect him  donaldtrump
i will be on  @ meetthepress this morning at various times across the us  @ nbc news   enjoy !
 @ deacon6375 realdonaldtrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make  # americagreatagain
 @ carolburnett3 :    @ anncoulter i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trumpgo trump we love you
just left a great event in pella going to church tomorrow in muscatine iowa
heading now to pella iowa big crowd ! remember trump is a big buyer of pella windows see you soon !
just left sioux center iowa my speech was very well received truly great people ! packed house overflow !
failing  @ glennbeck lost all credibility not only was he fired  @  fox he would have voted for clinton over mccain 
heading to sioux county iowa where the crowd is amazing dr robert jeffress will make the introduction make america great again !
i will be the greatest jobproducing president in american history  # trump2016  # votetrump 
 @ lukebrinker :  one year from today 
cruz says i supported tarp which gave $25 million to goldman sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose puppet !
just watched jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him jeb  mom can't help you with isis the chinese or with putin
ted cruz went down big in just released reuters poll  what's going on ? is it goldman sachs/citi loans or canada ?
rush limbaugh is great tells it as he sees itreally honorable guy ! thanks rush !  # trump2016
highly respected constitutional law professor mary brigid mcmanamon has just stated ted cruz is not eligible to be president big problem
 @ realollietaylor :   isn't it time we had a president ? let goofy glen keep canada cruz who can't win the american people have trump !
ted cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn't have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines
why does  @ greta have a fired bushy like dummy john sununu on spewing false info ? i will beat hillary by a lot she wants no part of trump
happy birthday to my friend the great  @ jacknicklaus  a totally special guy !
low energy candidate  @ jebbush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign millions spent on me he should go home and relax !
sad sack  @ jebbush has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying i won't beat hillary  i will but he can't beat me
so sad that  @ cnn and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in oklahoma dishonest reporting !
wacko  @ glennbeck is a sad answer to the  @ sarahpalinusa endorsement that cruz so desperately wanted glenn is a failing crying lost soul !
bob dole warns of ‘cataclysmic’ losses with ted cruz and says donald trump would do better via new york times :  
great rally in iowa ! such wonderful people traveling now with  @ sarahpalinusa to tulsa massive crowd expected ! 
 @ ronfournier :  president donald trump just getting used to it wow very nice !
wow the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that ted cruz must be defeated big shoker ! people do not like ted
a true honor to receive the endorsement of john wayne's daughterread :  
in the just released.c.oll i increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm up by 14 ! cruz dropped 3 
thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to liberty university yesterday  @ jerryjrfalwell 
thank you georgia ! i appreciate all of your support  # trump2016 
on my way to iowa just received new national poll numbers thank you ! # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
 @ thebrodyfile great job on  @ ac360 thank you for the very smart and kind words !
i loved being at liberty university today ! record setting crowd unbelievable people ! thank you jerry and becki ! 
we launched a new series of  # trump2016 videos via facebook a new topic everyday ! watch :  
a great morning with everyone  @ libertyu ! thank you ! off to new hampshire now  # trump2016 
leaving for liberty university i'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd  # trump2016
just a reminder that ted cruz supported liberal justice john roberts who gave us  # obamacare 
i am selffunding my campaign  putting up my own money not controlled  cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his ny bosses
big announcement in ames iowa on tuesday ! you will not want to miss this rally !  # trump2016 
iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving thembut they won't buy from us rather airbus !
departing nh now great morning with record crowd in portsmouth in a snow storm ! thank you ! 
ted cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks they own him !
the ted cruz wiseguy apology to the people of new york is a disgrace remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there !
ted cruz said he didn't know that he was a canadian citizen he also forgot to file his goldman sachs million $ loan papersnot believable
 @ oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing  @ glennbeck that i supported john mccain big league in 2008 not obama !
 @ geraldorivera  thank you geraldo for your nice words on  @ oreillyfactor tonight you are a true champion ! thank  @ ericbolling  great guy !
top searched candidate by state as seen in the  # gopdebate media filing center we will make america great again ! 
sen lindsey graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for president and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of bush
 @ ameriflames realdonaldtrump  @ clewandowski no one wants a bush or a clinton they want a straight shooter like trump !
 @ bonfiredesigns :  standing with  @ realdonaldtrump as he defends our sailors and military and americans in the usa 
stuart stevens is a dumb guy who fails  @  virtually everything he touches romney campaignhis booketc why does  @ andersoncooper put him on ?
 @ erictrump unbelievable job on  # fox news  with  @ greta that was better than i could do !  # trump2016
the  # sotu speech is really boring slow lethargic  very hard to watch !
the iran deal is terrible why didn't we get the uranium stockpile  it was sent to russia  # sotu
the tonight show begins in 5 minutes enjoy !
don't forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful  @ jimmyfallon at 11 : 30  pm  you will not be disappointed nbc
thank you michael harrison  @ talkersmagazine for your kind words  greatly appreciated !
congratulations to  @ jdickerson of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years 46 million people watched my interview ! thank you !
just arrived in new hampshire thank you to all of my supporters ! # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
so professional of  @ abc  news  to throw out the failing  @ unionleader  news paper from their debate paper won't survive highly unethical !
congratulations to my friend  @ theslystallone on winning a  # goldenglobe a wonderful guy who has created something special well deserved !
ul has lost all credibility under joe mcquaid w circulation dropping to record lows they aren't worthy of representing the great people nh
if their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win
heading now for reno nevada for a big rally good poll numberd all over !
will be on meet the press with  @ chucktodd tomorrow morning enjoy !
i will be interviewed by chris wallace on fox tomorrow morning tune in !
i'm protesting the  @ unionleader from having anything to do w/ abc debate their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved !
constitutional law expert   # laurence tribe of harvard says wrong to say it natural born citizen is a settled matterit isn't settled
pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on  @ cnn  way to go pat way ahead of your time !
will be at venue in wonderful south carolina very soon big traffic backup tremendous crowd ! will be wild
i hope all workers demand that their  @ teamsters reps endorse donald j trump nobody knows jobs like i do ! don’t let them sell you out !
not good  news  for jeb bush  
hank greenberg formerly of aig gave $10 million to the  @ jebbush campaign 3 months ago he is not happy a total waste of money !
 @ pinksprnva pastormike7  @ thehill i agree with you on this  @ realdonaldtrump won't be good he will be great !
 @ hofmannken :  donaldtrump wish i could attend one of your rallies none are close enough make america great again for my kidsthank you
great time in burlington vermont crowd was amazing
i'm leaving now for burlington vermont it will be wild !
joy behar who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings is even worse on  @ theview we love barbara !
hillary and her friends ! 
massive crowd in vt tonight venue not big enough officials say no to outside event and sound system arrive early !
man shot inside paris police station just announced that terror threat is at highest level germany is a total messbig crime get smart !
it was a very wise move that ted cruz renounced his canadian citizenship 18 months ago senator john mccain is certainly no friend of ted !
the failing  @ unionleader  news paper in nh just sent the trump organization a letter asking that we take ads how stupid how desperate !
do you believe that  @ unionleader in nh was demanding ads ? look at enclosed letter from them just received :  
i will be on  @ wolfblitzer for a  @ cnnsitroom interview today please join us 5 pm  et
huge crowd expected tomorrow night ! vt police say first come first serve arrive early !
i don’t cheat at golf but  @ samuelljackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials !
happy birthday to my son  @ erictrump ! very proud of you !
 @ beckerberta longtalltexan20 trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do attacked the media for all their lies
 @ arkaysdesign slone  @ realdonaldtrump have to get people of all ages out to vote for donald trump !
 @ compresphyllis :    @ seanhannity  @ fox news  i am so glad u are for trump your program is my favorite the don is by far the best
 @ kacee50 realdonaldtrump women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales and hillary wants to take those rights away from women !
 @ longtalltexan20  @ realdonaldtrump  i love it when trump calls out msm for what they really are !  cams starting to show crowds at rallies !
wow  @ unionleader circulation in nh has dropped from 75000 to around 10—bad management no wonder they begged me for ads
 @ samuelghaddad :  wow ! let's hear it for the factor let the truth be known more are beginning to realize  @ realdonaldtrump is the real deal !
 @ troyconway :  now 2more it firms going over seas ? there is a huge difference between a global economy and greed !  # makeamericagreatagain
the rally in lowell massachusetts was amazing 10000 people going wild make america great again !
 @ ruthmarcus of the  @ washingtonpost was terrible today on face the nationno focus poor level of concentrationbut correct on hillary lying
 @ granitehope brandonstinney how can you deny this facthillaryclinton and barackobama are the two people who made  # isis a big problem
heading to biloxi mississippi massive crowds expected thank you for your support !  # votetrump2016 
remember i am selffunding my campaign the only one in either party i'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interestsonly the usa !
massive crowds expected in mississippi tomorrow night look forward to it ! 2015 in photos :  
 @ memeoryhead :  i'm one of your biggest fans mr trump and i can't wait for you to make america great ifagain ! never forget you have support !
 @ marie7777777777 realdonaldtrump we love u to trump family god bless you
 @ jallenaip :  hillary said she was in a fog of war as explanation for the lies about benghazi no fog allowed in wh vote trump potus !
i will be on  @ fox news  live  with members of my family at 11 : 50  pm  we will ring in the new year together ! make america great again !
happy birthday to my son  @ donaldjtrumpjr ! very proud of you !  # tbt 
 @ deggow :  just heard a 25 year old man say i would rather work for donald trump than bernie sandersit's time for me to leave this party
 @ sensanders :  i have a message for donald trump :  no we’re not going to hate latinos we’re not going to hate muslims  i fully agree !
 @ bretbaier realdonaldtrump's reaction that  @ lindseygrahamsc is dropping out of the 2016 race your thoughts ? 
 @ insidegym :  the most influential us gymnasts of all time :  
 @ ddpick18 realdonaldtrump  @ jebbush  @ hughhewitt i get pissed off every time i see his ads on fox waste of money ! go trump !  many do !
 @ luciano031982 realdonaldtrump veterans love trump but i love the vets even more !
i predict that dying  @ unionleader  news paper which has been run into the ground by publisher stinky joe mcquaid will be dead in 2 years !
i'm going to be live with  @ ericbolling and  @ kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016 everybody should tune in to  @ fox news  tomorrow night !
i never thought i'd be saying this but i've really enjoyed   @ richlowry on television lately and he was terrific hosting  @ seanhannity
joe mcquaid  @ deucecrew is desperately trying to sell the  @ unionleader it's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much
 @ hashtag1usa realdonaldtrump what do you think of jeb cancelling his iowa rally last night  ? 
 @ charleshurt   you were great on  @ seanhannity last night thanks for the nice words make america great again !
looking forward to being in council bluffs iowa later today despite weather rally is on  will be fantastic !  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on  @ fox news   he really gets it !
 @ sunquist007 jebbush why do u keep trying to attack trump ? really dumb strategy ! u lose he wins !  # lets make america great again ! !
thank you to a  # trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign over the past 6 months video :  
hopefully the republican national committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in virginia's republican party fast !
rpvirginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row will now not allow desperately needed new voters suicidal mistake rnc must act now !
it begins republican party of virginia controlled by the rnc is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters bad !
 @ mitchellvii :  my prediction on the trey gowdy endorsement of rubio is that it will do nothing for rubio and finish gowdy
hillary clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but he's demonstrated a penchant for sexism so inappropriate !
 @ cnn just announced that trump was  # 1 story of 2015 totally meaningless however if we don't win it all and make america great again !
 @ deedeegop :  thank u mr trump i look forward to when u are elected next president of the united states  # makeamericagreatagain so nice !
 @ jacobsac2015 :    @ fox news  thank you for your tweet today on christmas can't wait to see yod.c.resident mr trump you are awesome
remember when failed candidate  @ jebbush said that illegals came across the border as an act of love ? he's spent $59 million and is at 3
 @ halliejackson why didn't you report hillary lying about the isis video bad reporting perhaps  @ nbc will do better next yearbut doubt it !
 @ yesmrgilbert nbcnightly news   @ halliejackson should have talked to megyn kelly about this story  true a total distortion of the facts !
why isn't  @ chucktodd using the much newer  @ cnn poll when discussing how well i am doing instead of the older q poll ? cnn even better !
wow because of the pressure put on by me ice to launch large scale deportation raids it's about time !
third rate reporters amy chozick and maggie haberman of the failing  @ nytimes are totally in the hillary circle of bias think about bill !
wow even lowly rand paul has just past  @ jebbush in the new  @ cnn poll jeb is at 3 i'm at 39 stop throwing your money down the drain !
poor  @ jebbush spent $50 million on his campaign i spent almost nothing he's bottom and gone i'm top by a lot that's what us needs !
 @ classyexplorer gatewaypundit jim you fail to mention in your cnn poll that in the gop racetrump is leading cruz 39 to 18big detail
 @ ihatematt realdonaldtrump why is hillary even allowed to run she's a criminal  good question !
why does  @ fox news  give  @ karlrove so much airtime he and other fox pundits is so biased still thinks romney won unfair coverage of trump
 @ fox news  treats me so badly using old quinnipiac poll where i have a much smaller lead than the just out  @ cnn poll all negative !
the  @ washingtonpost which is the lobbyist power for not imposing taxes on  # amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking  @ tedcruz kids bad
the silent majority is silent no more ! remember the importance of voting ! # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
thank you america ! together we will  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
wow new reuters poll just out big lead if you want to make america great again !  trump 37  cruz 11 this is at the top of drudge !
for those on tv defending my use of the word schlonged.c.# msm is giving it false meaningtell them it means beaten badly dishonest  # msm
once again  # msm is dishonest schlonged is not vulgar when i said hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly
jeb's big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesn't have me answering jeb's statements he is really pathetic !
watching  @ cnn and consider  @ secupp to be one of the least talented people on television boring and biased !
 @ qbeacademy :  well i'm at 42 and your at 3 you know jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage  classic
 @ jebbush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terriblefumbled around incoherent
why doesn't  @ jebbush in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate ?
 @ realnevadie :  this suggests that online polls are more reliable so trump is crushing both parties  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ daveandlouanns :  thank you sir for caring for the people of america i was in newmarket nh office 
 @ janienorris22 realdonaldtrump got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it you got them scared to death ! love it great !
 @ herschelwalker thanks for your support it is very much appreciated !
just out :  trump gop debate  18000000 clinton democrat debate  6700000 and they were on major network vs cable !
hillary said at debate isis is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst she made up storywant apology !
 @ msully65 :   tell this knitwit  @ speakerryan the ppl want  @ realdonaldtrump not him or his choice for president ! thts why trump has 40
 @ drdoucette missuniverse donaldtrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails we need you mr trump
my friend  @ ariemanuel of  @ img bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on  # fox ! tune in !
hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me therefore hillary lied at the debate last night sad !
 @ jebbush was terrible on face the nation today being at 2 and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence a basket case !
hillary clinton lied when she said that isis is using video of donald trump as a recruiting tool this was fact checked by  @ fox news  :  false
 @ autumnandews08 realdonaldtrump  @ jonkarl hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out !  # trumprocksamerica
 @ domineeksmith realdonaldtrump is the best republican presidential candidate of all time  thank you
 @ therealryder :  you are a blessing to america mr trump thank you for all you are doing !  # votetrump2016  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ twister2445 realdonaldtrump all i heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away  # tryme ! !
 @ nepafortrump :  we now live in a  # crippledamerica but  @ realdonaldtrump will make the usa stronger than ever b4 
 @ melindadc  don’t misrepresent in order to make a point i was always tough on isisas you’ll find out after i get elected
as i have been saying only the beginning :  isis suspects arrested in turkey 150 european passports seized 
 # makeamericagreatagain i will be in cedar rapidsia this saturday get your tickets
hillary clinton is weak and ineffective  no strength no stamina
will be interviewed on the  @ oreillyfactor tonight at 8 : 00  pm  will be talking about the debate and more !
bill o'reilly calls trump and  campaign brilliant in first place by 27 points
thank you  @ davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on  @ cnn it was a good night !
 @ insuradude :  the fix is in donald did his best performance and  @ markhalperin  @ morningjoe has jeb scoring higher ? jeb looked in pain  joke
thank you  @ frankluntz  for saying i was a winner tonight it is my great honor  # trump2016
 @ donaldtrumpfink govmikehuckabee :  if  donald becomes president he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will  # gopdebate
 @ mrdeuce25 cnn  @ lindseygrahamsc donaldtrump good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for lindsey you are weak and have no clue
 @ surfphx :  geez mr trump they are coming for you even before the real debate  @ wolfblitzer asks all negative trump questions !  # trump
highly respected public policy polling ppp just announced that i am number one in iowa thank you !
  # joetheismann was great as a political analyst on  @ fox news  he knows far more than football thanks for the nice words joe !
i won every debate so far according to all debate polls including  @ drudgereport  @ time  @ slate and more too bad dopey  @ megynkelly lies !
why isn't anyone using the  @ cnn iowa poll with me having a big lead they only want to use the one negative poll 2nd placedishonest press
isn't it amazing that  @ cnn paid a fortune for an iowa poll which shows me in first place over cruz by 13 33 to 20  then doesn't use it
wow i just had two very good iowa polls and a phenomenal just out national poll from  @ abc  @ washingtonpost  38  make america great again !
what an evening in las vegas nevada ! thank you for your continued support  # trump2016 
can't believe major league baseball just rejected  @ peterose14 for the hall of fame he's paid the price so ridiculous  let him in !
 @ scottienhughes  you were fantastic on cnn thank you for the nice words see you at the  # gopdebate
record of health :  
why doesn't  @ fox news  quote the new iowa  @ cnn poll where i have a 33 to 20 lead over ted cruz and all others think about it !
 @ ajodom60 fox news  and as far as that lowinfo voter base goes i have an iq of 132 so much for that theory  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ lesgartcpa jaketapper  @ realdonaldtrump problem is i never watched you until trump started giving you interviews and ratings on cnn
 @ j pm organ2016 :  trump needs his own poll a real poll in every state these polls are so ridiculousthe media will only get worse from here
 @ 1rdgreenberg :    @ fox news  that's why after your interview i couldn't watch the panel discussion which is usually my favorite segment
 @ energy43 schnoepoe  @ fox news  not so much fairness as it is about ratings  megan kellys hate nightly of trump is turnoff for fox
 @ theprodigy3d :  everyone vote for  @ realdonaldtrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement
 @ schnoepoe fox news  i find myself more and more drawn to cnn for fairness regarding  @ realdonaldtrump the fox  news  sunday pundits a joke !
 @ vylvisaker anncoulter  trump has stamina he is working harder than any other candidate he really loves america  he deserves to win
 @ yoelny realdonaldtrump  @ peggynoonannyc  as a democrat i have to say since hillary is the frontrunner i will choose trump
 @ rosemarylowe105 shahkourosh  @ spacemanchris  @ realdonaldtrump that is why we don't need a politician to be the next president
 @ peggynoonannyc an election between hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in us history just like the debates 24 m vs 2m
 @ michael2014abc alwaleedtalal  @ realdonaldtrump has your country saudi arabia taken any of the syrian refugees ? if not why not ?
john podesta says nominee will be cruz b/c last person hillary wants to face is trump ! use your head folks ! 4641 ! 
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends at 8 : 00 am so much to talk about !
 @ jenniferjjacobs :  trump :  protect the 2nd amendmentand by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again iowa crowd loves it
 @ jenniferjjacobs :  trump says he was establishment i backed mccain he lost i backed romney he lost this time i'm doing it myself
 @ monicacrowley you were great with  @ seanhannity on  @ fox news  tonight  thank you for your kind words we will keep americans safe
dopey prince  @ alwaleedtalal wants to control our us politicians with daddy’s money can’t do it when i get elected  # trump2016
i will not let you down !  # trump2016  # makeamericagreatagain 
never get good  # 's from failing des moines register/bloomberg i think something's going on w/them up 13 in ia according to respected cnn
great  news  in georgia !  the just out  landmark poll shows me in first with 43 ! wow 
our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great turnberry resort in scotland 
 @ morningjoe is so off on iowa which i am leading big in new  @ cnn poll i will win iowa also i beat hillary easily !
 @ bernardgoldberg was not good tonight on  @ oreillyfactor he just doesn't know about winning ! but he is a nice guy
respected morning consult poll just out i lead all republicans and beat hillary head to head by a wide margin 45 to 40 !
in britain more muslims join isis than join the british army
an honor to be endorsed by the new england police benevolent association thank you ! 
why franklin graham says donald trump is right about stopping muslim immigration  
establishment flunky  @ karlrove is going crazy with the just released cbs poll that has me way ahead new fox poll has me beating hillary
dummy  @ karlrove continues to make and write false statements he still thinks romney wonhe should get a life !
thank you for your support ! being  # politicallycorrect will not  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift !  
thank you to respected columnist katie hopkins of daily 
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends this morning at 7 : 30 so much to talk about !
weak and totally conflicted people like  @ therickwilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an iq test dumb as a rock cnn
 @ quinnlisaq :    @ cnn  @ donlemon  the people do not care what politician said about trump  we still support him all the way
 @ ajdx4sdesq cnn  @ donlemon  @ realdonaldtrump this is the best interview so far honest well reasoned and without all the name calling
 @ michaelurso2 :  mr trump did you deny megyn kelly what is her issue ! i used to like her can't stand her now very little talent !  @ fox news 
great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials police discuss nogo areas :  
why does  @ cnn bore their audience with people like  @ secupp a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue i hear she will soon be gone !
 @ secupp who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on tv hard to watch zero talent !  @ cnn
thank you for all of your support south carolina !  # trump2016 
carter banned iranians from coming to us during hostage crisis 
the police in london say i’m right major article in daily mail “we can’t wear uniform in our own cars”  
thank you  @ jebbush you finally get it ! 
 @ mysteriousloser realdonaldtrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you ? ignorance yes he is a crude dope !
the last person corrupt hillary clinton wants to run against is donald j trump i'll end up beating her in every state new fox polltrump !
the failing  @ nytimes does not mention the new  @ cnn poll that has me leading iowa by a massive 13 points  i am at 33 maggie haberman sad !
 @ yitzyschwartz :    @ cnn anyone who hates on trump hates on america we are a proud nation lacking a leader choose trump to bring us
great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire big lead for trump according to  @ cnn !
great new poll from nh thank you ! we need to keep this country safe !  # trump2016 
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift !  
i wish the  @ wsj wall street journal had reported the just out  @ cnn iowa poll correctly i lead by a wide margin13 points going up big !
 @ charlesmarino8 3dot  donaldtrump preach it brother ! first election i've been excited about in many many years since reagan to be exact
 @ back2reason realdonaldtrump can't wait for president trump to put things in order in us we desperately need patriot withfinallybrains
great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in sc  # trump2016 
just released  @ cnn poll gives me a big 13 point lead in iowa change your false story failing  @ nytimes thank you iowa !
the main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights  i believe  # isis needs to surrender !
on my way to charleston/mount pleasant south carolina big crowd look forward to it !  # ussyorktown 
 @ washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat donald trumpthe post doesn’t get that i’m good at winning !
 @ borntobegop  @ danscavino  trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks america believes trump will get rid of isis !
today we honor the fallen at  # pearlharbor 74 years ago today if you see a vet today thank them !  # rememberourvets 
poor  @ johnkasich doesn't have what it takes 
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift !  
the  @ washingtonpost which loses a fortune is owned by   @ jeffbezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company  @ amazon
 @ homefreeee realdonaldtrump he needs to stop all visas not look at them !
hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd amendment !
hillary won't call out radical islam ! she will be soundly defeated
big night on twitter tonight i will be live tweeting president obama's speech at 7 : 50  pm   eastern must talk radical islamic terrorism !
gee  @ meetthepress with  @ chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then with me  he set records  i saved his job but chuck still not nice !
i have been saying it for sometime now ! # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
wow  @ georgewill said some very nice things about me today on  @ fox news sunday with chris wallace i am making progress thanks george !
i will be livetweeting president obama's primetime speech tonight starting at 7 : 50  pm  easternwill he finally state the real problems ?
 @ shellyleigh123 :  awesome interview you are always honest with the american people thank you mr trump ! 
i will be interviewed on face the nation  @ cbs news  at 10 : 30 am should be interesting  enjoy !
 @ maddow you copied incompetent  @ katyturnbc incorrect story i'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show thank you for the courtesy
re crippled america   i am signing books for the next two weeks order yours for holiday gifts !  
 @ americanaspie diamondandsilk you were awesome at the  @ realdonaldtrump rally it was exciting to see you two truly fantastic women !
 @ americanaspie diamondandsilk you were awesome at the  @ realdonaldtrump rally it was exciting to see you
 @ curtiscraven76 cnn  @ realdonaldtrump keep up your good work mr trump cause u have my vote
great live signing last nite ! over 25k views i am signing books for next two weeks order yours for holiday gifts 
good  news  disloyal  @ macys stock is in a total free fall don't shop there for christmas ! 
 @ jrubinblogger one of the dumber bloggers  @ washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me she is in love with marco rubio ?
great live signing last nite ! over 25k views i am signing books for next two weeks order yours for holiday gifts :  
the virtually incompetent republican strategist who has had a failed career cheri jacobus is incoherent with anger that her puppets died !
 @ cnn poll just came out amazing numbers for those who want to make america great again ! trump 36 a 20 point lead over 2nd place thanks
 @ aews :  another clip that seems to vindicate the donald 
 @ markhalperin i totaly won the rjc meeting yesterday know many members who said not even close only full standing o but don't want $'s
 @ tomnocera realdonaldtrump your hand must be tired from all the crippled america books you autographed tonightone is mine  great !
watch my live book signing now ! 
it was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing  @ politico is a foil for the clintons questions given to clinton in advance no credibility
why can't  @ politico get better reporters than ben schreckenger ? guy is a major lightweight with no credibility so dishonest !
loved being in manassas va last night such incredible spirit ! now in dc for a speech will then visit old post office under construction
 @ robstanley79 realdonaldtrump your the man don you make me smile every day look forward to your inauguration nice !
as a presidential candidate i have instructed my longtime doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical reportit will show perfection
 @ trumphiant2016 :  this country is being frayed by the inept politicians in dc we need to vote smarter and be more informed   # teamtrump
 @ iceblink62 realdonaldtrump mr trump the establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency and the american people ! true !
live on  # periscope :  live with the donald 
just arrived in new hampshire another packed venue ! will be fun
highly untalented wash post blogger jennifer rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me why does wash post have low iq people ?
look at the editorial i was just sent from the ny post on 9/14/01  3 days after collapse of wtc any apologies ? 
jamiel shaw was incredible on  @ foxandfriends this morning his son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop !
meeting with african american pastors at trump tower was amazing wonderful  news  conference followed now off to georgia for big speech !
the republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll  # 's more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up !
 @ wzpd8z :  mr trump chuck todd is a moron all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911 i would show it on your ads
when will  @ cnn get some real political talent rather than political commentators like errol louis who doesn't have a clue ! others bad also
 @ beckyomz juvenile   @ thehill we could use a new era of greatness ! america needs to return to its place in the worldleading !
 @ dmsrcmc12bob realdonaldtrump they should all get on the trump train !  so true !
 @ rketeltas :   every time trump is gracious enough to do a msm interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions why is that
great job  @ mariatcardona on  @ thisweekabc you made kooky cokie roberts and  @ billkristol look even dumber than they are you will be right !
will be meeting on monday at trump tower with a large group of african american pastors many i knowwonderful people ! not a press event
 @ dailycaller :  how high corporate taxes lost america the world’s next biggest drug company 
 @ artpar17 cnn   your story is a total fraud  i agree !
 @ nobaddog repbjnikkel  @ cindyblackwel12 johnkasich  all you career politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear trump gets elected
sarasota was an unbelievable success we expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up ! great love in the air ! 
 @ munciewolves realdonaldtrump america backs you your our next president ! thank you !
 @ marksimoneny :  great twitter quote about donald trump :  never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
 @ beezakamrb realdonaldtrump shopping  @ macys is no longer a family christmas time tradition in my house great a very disloyal chain !
the failing  @ nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me yesterday 3 boring articles today2 !
great new poll numbers ! thank you for your support !  # trump2016 
 @ prisonplanet realdonaldtrump gets it never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media
the numbers at the  @ nytimes  are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast a once great institutionsad !
the dopes at the  @ nytimes bought the boston globe for $13 billion and sold it for $100 their great old headquartersgave it away ! so dumb
 @ riosunny3 realdonaldtrump  @ wkrg i lived in new jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well
the failing  @ nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on donald trump !
 @ realdctaylor :  the establishment is afraid of  @ realdonaldtrump once we try a business man we may never want a politician again !  # teamtrump
 @ karlrove just totally bombed on  @ morningjoe  @ fox news  has him on even though he has lost all credibility  a loser !  fox should dump rove
why would  @ greta use  @ karlrove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes he still thinks romney won an establishment dope !
 @ idawhannadoyou realdonaldtrump  @ oann love it wish i could get  @ oann i hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting
a wonderful evening in south carolina  big crowd amazing energy !
 @ maryland4t smallbiz4trump keep up the good work ! americans of all kinds are rallying behind jldonaldtrump to help  # makeamericagreatagain
will be doing  @ seanhannity at 10  pm  on  @ fox news   as always with sean will be interesting !
heading to myrtle beach south carolina really big crowd—so much to talk about !
 @ good2bqueen67 realdonaldtrump  @ sandikay60 i enjoyed the speech so much tonight you were on point  ? ? sir !  thanks
 @ beingmesuzieej realdonaldtrump you rocked it again in ohio ! come to nebraska please ! trump 2016 ! thanks and i will !
just left columbus rally of 14000 people  a far bigger crowd than even i expected ! unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena !
going to ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in historykasich can't debate loves  # obamacaredummy !
 @ wsj reports that  @ gop getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me that wasn’t the deal !
via  @ washingtonpost 9/18/01 i want an apology ! many people have tweeted that i am right ! 
when you do your christmas shopping remember how disloyal  @ macys was to the subject of illegal immigration  # boycottmacys  # dum pm acys
 @ ap continues to do extremely dishonest reporting always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working !
 @ bloggerjulie fox news  the reporter is the one who mentioned the national database first and not donaldtrump y not report honest  news  ?
 @ drewtheg :   trump is the epitome of integrity good spirit forthright honesty you pull no punches and call a spade a spade diggin it !
 @ heiressarts realdonaldtrump by going after you jindal also lost the la governor race ! politicians beware
big new  @ abc poll to be announced at 9 : 00 am on this week with  @ gstephanopoulos i will be interviewed on show !
 @ gstephanopoulos just announced that i am leading  big in the new  @ abc poll which will be shown on this week at 9 : 00 am i will be on show
i find that  @ reuters is a far more professional operation than  @ ap
 @ waynedupreeshow :  it’s clear that donald trump was not even talking about a muslim database ! 
 @ fortunemagazine :  do successful ceos sleep less than everyone else ? 
 @ politico :  palin on 2016 :  i think it would come down to cruz and trump !  
 @ gstephanopoulos :  i’ll talk to donald trump about his comments on syrian refugees and much more sunday on  @ thisweekabc
 @ thr :  trump's wife children open up about gop candidate :  there’s no one else like him 
so nice when media properly polices media thank you  @ breitbart news  
heading to birmingham alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people ! 12 noon  will be wild
 @ jaazee1 cnn anchor's shocked that donaldtrump's  comments resonate with gop base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too
 @ tlcastle realdonaldtrump do you plan on making any campaign stops in west virginia ? yes soon
 @ renasummersltd :  watched  @ abcnetwork special tonight ! you have such amazing children lots to be proud of ! love your wife ! class act !
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump your family is a better watch than the kardashians by a mile ! cute !
 @ hiddenspeed42 ay4web  no pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again ! that's his promise to us ! we love u trump
 @ classysnobbb realdonaldtrump amazing interview you and your family will be great role models for america   # makeamericagreatagain
 @ hotroddergirl realdonaldtrump trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do blue collar with you
 @ jamespwilson1 realdonaldtrump when you become president we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed
 @ mialiner gsrpygmies   @ realdonaldtrump trump supporters are a very loyal breed ! we see the truth only trump can fix this mess we are in
looking forward to watching the legendary  @ barbarajwalters interview my family and me tonight on  @ abc at 10 : 00 many things to talk about !
 @ smithjere realdonaldtrump you are amazing mr trump ! thank you  so nice
 @ washingtonpost   @ bretbaier  please thank charles lane for his new found confidence he has made a very good bet !
 @ samsellars realdonaldtrump north carolina come on down  will be there very soon !
 @ gracematters thank you a very wise bet ! best wishes
thank you for a great afternoon south carolina ! see you next tuesday !  # makeamericagreatagain  # trump2016 
my family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary  @ barbarajwalters tonight  @ abc  10 pm e 
 @ mkhammer a fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border  @ thejuanwilliams made the point far better !
going to south carolina now great place sro crowd iowa was amazing yesterday !
the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders masterminds call them instead thugs and losers young people must not go into isis !
john kasich was managing director of lehman brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives a total failure !
thank you for your support ! together we can  # makeamericagreatagain !  # trump2016 
very nice article from daily mail  
great new poll  
i will be interviewed by   @ seanhannity tonight at 10 : 00 on  @ fox news   much much much to talk about !
melania and i just had interview with the legendary  @ barbarajwalters watch  # abc2020 this friday tonight we talk isis  @ wntonight
gop voters trust donald trump to keep our country safe 
just received a copy of  @ sarahpalinusa new book  a great read ! sarah is a terrific person
just landing in knoxville tennessee ! massive crowd expected ! will all have a great time despite serious subject matter
will be landing in knoxville tennessee shortly  tremendous crowd expected it's all very simple we want to  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ johnlegere   @ tmobile  john focus on running your company i think the service is terrible ! try hiring some good managers
 @ peg4cats terrylambert201  @ realdonaldtrump you are so right i only trust trump to be tough on immigration
 @ syoka68 :  reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated we so need you mr trump ! make america great again
 @ davenorthyv :  does anybody ever realize that hillaryclinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone even the camera that's a sign of lying
glad to see that  @ rondarousey lost her championship fight last night was soundly beaten  not a nice person !
i have watched sloppy graydon carter fail and close spy magazine and now am watching him fail at  @ vanityfair magazine he is a total loser !
 @ thewatcher23579 :  one of paris terrorist came as syrian refugee donald trump is right again bomb their oil  take away their funding
 @ mnrosrnr realdonaldtrump the best book i've read in years trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas a true economic genius
wow bernie sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10 it is actually over 20 and for  african american youth  51
 @ tomrichey :  enough of these party debates what i wanna see is a  @ sensanders vs  @ realdonaldtrump one on one debate ! that would be easy !
great  news  out of new hampshire ! donaldtrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17 behind him !  # trump2016 
 @ shawnlivinlife :  i still haven't heard the wh say the words islamic terrorist call it what it is  # trump2016 can't happen fast enough
 @ jrpantiques realdonaldtrump  @ abcinsc  @ katrinapierson the world is playing everything right for trump ! every day his points are proven
 @ dlt912 realdonaldtrump you definitely have my vote ? ?
 @ abcinsc realdonaldtrump  a tough man for a tough job in tough times gloves off game on ! 
boy is this guy  @ shep news team tough on me so totally biased as a reporter he should be ashamed of himself !  # trump2016
thank you  @ jaketapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields should have been done long ago  # trump2016
 @ seanhannity  carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope ! sad
 @ carlyfiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning ben carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign !
 @ carlyfiorina i only said i was on  @ 60minutes four weeks ago with putin—never said i was in green room separate pieces—great ratings !
 @ carlyfiorina carly—i did graduate from wharton and did very well who is your fact checker ? will you apologize ?
 @ carlyfiorina carly not just you i also told gov kasich to “let jeb talk give him a chance” because kasich was constantly cutting in
happy friday the 13th 
macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration their stock has crashed !  # boycottmacys 
thank you  @ forbes for showing the  @ wsj was wrong so dishonest ! 
from 2 to 27 in texas  quite a jump into first place !
wow pres candidate ben carson who is very weak on illegal immigration just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship
total fool  @ karlrove is part of the republican establishment problem an all talk no action dummy !   
 @ wsj and dopey karl rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible tpp deal
 @ karlrove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re china and tpp this moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump you will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election ! great
 @ frankieguy85 :  this 92yearold woman registered to vote just to cast a ballot for trump 
 @ christianlord12 :   rubio sat back during debate on immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about gang of 8 
i will be on  @ marklevinshow at 8 pm  tonight tune in !
 @ gerardtbaker gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate i told many “really smart and elegant”
loved doing the debatewon drudge and all online polls ! amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job
will be on  @ morningjoe live from new hampshire  7 : 00 am talking about the debate and more !
people magazine :  donald trump was right :  he gave snl its best ratings in nearly 4 yearsplus what you didn't see 
i will be interviewed by  @ gstephanopoulos on  @ gma at 7 : 00 am there is much to talk about !
 @ teedchris loyal2trump2016  @ trumpalabama   @ fox news  look when you try to kill your momthat's it for me no walking on water
thank you to  @ nypost's robert rorke for the really nice review of  # snl so many enjoyed it  very gratifying ! 
marco rubio is a total lightweight who i wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies  a highly overrated politician !
a great evening in springfield illinois thank you for all of the support !  # trump2016 
great job on  @ greta  @ donaldjtrumpjr nobody could have done it better !
 @ cnn  should listen ana navarro has no talent no tv persona and works for bush—a total conflict of interest  
television ratings for  @ nbcsnl saturday night live just came out and they were great  the best since 2011 very few protesters !
 @ eegrc98 realdonaldtrump i am hispanic  i am with you
 @ wakeupfla :  please stand up for american hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying usa ! 
amazing evening at saturday night live !
 @ sherrysue66 :  i am working a  # 12hr  # american shift but will stay up 2 watch ! i could use a saturday night live laugh !  # we ?u nice
 @ bmwe38forever realdonaldtrump so let it be written so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016 ! 
 @ housecracka :  donald trump is going to win the presidency get on board the  # trumptrain its going to be  # yuge  thanks
 @ robertgbeckel please thank your brother for his nice words on television seems like a great guy and character !  @ cnn
one of the dumbest political pundits on television is chris stirewalt of  @ fox news  wrong facts  check fox debate rankings trump  # 1 dope !
 @ bubbachitchat1 :  this is why the polls are wrong !  @ hanankhan2 :  i am a lifelong democrat and i will be voting trump !  # democratsfortrump
 @ fbeadon realdonaldtrump don't let the keystone pipeline die the us needs to be good neighbors with canada and energy independent
will be on  @ oreillyfactor tonight signing a copy of crippled america for bill ! 
so sad that obama rejected keystone pipeline thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside !
 @ pjs307 walshfreedom will be highest rated show ever  @ realdonaldtrump is a marketing genius  # snl hope it does well !
 @ captainmark :    @ robostop10 keep it comming trump ! people need to be warned about that carson figure who is not who they think !
getting ready for  @ nbcsnl commercial 
 @ robostop10 realdonaldtrump this is not good 
carson now admits his friend named bob who he tried to stab bob was saved by his belt buckle ! no longer exists as bob wrong name !
such bad reporting :  a puff piece on ben carson in the  @ nytimes states that carson is trying to solidify his lead but i am  # 1 easily ! sad
 @ rhinostate realdonaldtrump  @ grundleman27 rubio is a manchurian candidate people will own him if he ever became president
 @ grundleman27 :  marco rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the us finances  # trump
 @ reganharycki realdonaldtrump it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats ! 
 @ deemcna fox news  silent majority did not try to kill their mothers like ben carson but wants america rebuilt by only one capable : trump
 @ keksecorg realdonaldtrump ivanka said it and you said it too you'll be great for women  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ reagangirl :  msm are lying to you about hispanics hating trump here's the real deal hispanicsfortrump 
rubio lied about my meeting w/ hispanic activists i didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect shame ! 
 @ marklindsay78 hanankhan2  @ realdonaldtrump poll numbers are higher then most think no one is asking democrats if they are voting trump
 @ teamspringsteen realdonaldtrump i just finished reading crippled america it's a detailed blueprint to get america back on track
 @ seanhannity should have corrected jeb bush when he said that i ran for president twice never ran merely considered running !
jeb bush just said about marco rubio he's my friend ! pure political speak why can't he be truthful and say disloyal guy no friend !
also tune in to the  @ todayshow at 7 : 00am i will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and  # crippledamerica
wow !  @ fox news  poll just came out  # 1 with 26 ! almost as importantly i am the strongest on economic issues by far !  # trump2016
just landed in new hampshire  a very exciting morning planned !
 @ svn2hd realdonaldtrump crippled america is a must read so right great job on another best seller
 @ judgemoroz :  republicans in congress can learn a lot from  @ realdonaldtrump on dealing with obama ! they should read  # crippledamerica !
 @ sjavner :  reading crippled america feeling love for our country first in it's pages that's why i stand with trump
 @ dougdwiley realdonaldtrump i can't wait to read your new book ! we are supporting you here in boise idaho !
 @ twallma realdonaldtrump he is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done ! excellent book ! 
marco rubio would keep barack obama’s executive order on amnesty intact see article cannot be president      
 @ lookercherry realdonaldtrump the polls are for the  news  cycle trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust don't doubt me
 @ charlesgkoch is looking for a new puppet after governor walker and jeb bush cratered he now likes rubionext fail
 @ freedomrings22 realdonaldtrump i trust  @ oann 's polls they are actually really fair and really balanced on all their  news  iowa lead !
 @ jayjohnsonlikes realdonaldtrump been here in line for two hours already reading book while waiting i'll see you at noon !
 @ timenout realdonaldtrump book in hand waiting for the next president 
 @ freebirdpepper realdonaldtrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions !
i will be interviewed on  @ gma at 7 : 00 am and  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 50 talking about my new book out today crippled america
 @ kingster73 realdonaldtrump rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work ! who would hire him ? not the american people !
 @ thebrandonmckee :  read all about the wollman deal and many other successful deals in the art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ shelbycockaxe realdonaldtrump trump is our last chance to turn this country around  # trump2016
 @ charlesmblow  why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative dishonest reporting !
meet me at  @ trumptowerny and get your copy of my new book crippled america signed on 11/3 at 12 pm  ! 
thank you carl higbie former navy seal for you support of my plan to straighten out the veterans administrationa mess !great job  @ kilmeade
 @ trumpworld :  the man with a plan ! go trump ! we got your back ! 
 @ taurus82409 morningjoe   donald trump is the absolute winner ! you heads try to talk around him why why go trump !
 @ morningjoe :  marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people i won every online poll even crazy  @ cnbc marco good looking ?
 @ damron88 realdonaldtrump  @ borntobegop i sure in the hell hope so trump please make this country great again
 @ truthorrumor realdonaldtrump it's not so much that iran made a good deal it's that kerry and obama gave away the store  ok !
 @ henrythezebra realdonaldtrump america needs you to start your 8year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump 9 years from now we will thank president trump for making us great again ! thank you !
anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for marco rubio  read this :  
further proof that gang of eight member marco rubio is weak on illegal immigration is paul singer's mr amnesty endorsementrubs can't win
 @ bellicwolf andisw anyway for me the most original costume was donald trump like president !
 @ nrmandela realdonaldtrump and you're still a negative loser and trump is still a positive winner i'm black and proudly voting trump !
 @ suesabo :  media wants a puppetwe want donald trump to make america great again last chance to make america great 
 @ katyturnbc :  this is the most focused trump stump i've heard  really drilling down on vets issues here in virginia
 @ seaninnh realdonaldtrump  @ realollietaylor so true in all previous debates no one watched and they were  cancelled
 @ twillnurse realdonaldtrump saw this and had to share ! he wants to be you ! love it ! u r his hero ! 
 @ sallyavicii2014 :    @ realollietaylor agree this is the only time  # americans have been more involved in president elections since kennedy ! !
 @ antstacksgrieco realdonaldtrump you were great in it ! thanks !
 @ shawnslawns4u terrykimk93  @ wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump
 @ danlifting realdonaldtrump i wouldn't watch it at all if mr trump was not on it see u on your book signing on 11/3 trump all the way
thank you james freeman of the  @ wsj for the very nice words all polls said i won the debate except nbc 3rd explain to daniel henninger !
 @ colincowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that i thought i'd do his show  @ theherd on monday 2 : 30 pm  est
lifting off right now for uss wisconsin in norfolk see ya'
i see marco rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his superpac which are total scams marco must address him as sir !
 @ dalva1616 :  so true ! vote  @ realdonaldtrump and have america greatness back to where it belongs  :  the united states of america
i am going to save medicare and medicaid carson wants to abolish and failing candidate gov john kasich doesn't have a clue  weak !
when candidate john kasich on the  @ oreillyfactor talked about dismantling medicare and medicaid he was referring to ben carson
 @ sandraopines realdonaldtrump i love watching donald trump in action free education just watch and learn love it  # trumptrain nice
 @ billboard rodstewart on his naked young and carefree days and pal donald trump 
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump you are always many steps ahead of the game ! thank you
 @ smithsj1 realdonaldtrump mr trump do you swear to provide for protect and care for our soldiers including vets ?  yes yes yes !
 @ govmikehuckabee great job on  @ fox news  tonight thanks for your nice words about my children class !
 @ teedchris :  donaldtrumpname one candidate who can make deals with china  ! if we dont bring jobs back ! were dead 
happy birthday to my friend  @ garyplayer
via the political insider :  “donald trump just received the best  news  possible !”  
thank you  @ rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words we will  # makeamericagreatagain
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter  @ ivankatrump
thank you  @ charleshurt for  the nice words on  @ seanhannity i will win and make america great again !
loved doing the debate last night on  @ cnbc check out all of the polls ! everyone agrees that harwood bombed !
my interview on  @ thisweekabc with  @ gstephanopoulos had a 40 ratings increase over same sunday last year 20 over last week
 @ victoryorbust :  the one the only donald trump will and can make america great again  reince  @ blewthebigone 
 @ kotcha301 realdonaldtrump i sleep better at night knowing u will soon be potus ! 
 @ neraex :  i'm not even american and i want to see  @ realdonaldtrump win ! a person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders !
 @ xxflameriumxx :    @ mikeanddawnny good job mr trump the way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next us president !  # trump
 @ speakerryan congratulations and good luck  you will do a great job for our wonderful usa !
 @ robertaritzen realdonaldtrump we support you ! and believe that your america's hope  thanks
failing host  @ glennbeck a mental basketcase loves superpacs  in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists !
 @ tjohnsontj realdonaldtrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work !  # trump2016 thanks
thank you ! 
 @ agentvf realdonaldtrump stay strong and get ready for next debate great job last night
 @ evdefuse realdonaldtrump they should just let you be president already you're already leading in the polls
 @ jakistheman realdonaldtrump keep you're momentum until you win over the white house
 @ taylorwrightau trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again ! next  # gopdebate we need max 5 candidates too many on the stage !
 @ ngb6060 realdonaldtrump showing why he should be our next president tremendous debate winning all the post debate polls
 @ coolgirl6978 :  you were very poised and professional at the debate you looked presidential tonight hit a homerun  # makeamericagreatagain
thank you jonathan greatly appreciated ! 
 @ rfscottga realdonaldtrump congrats mr trump you did great tonight you made us all proud  :  yes ! saying it againtrump  # 1
 @ hyatt1942 realdonaldtrump  @ piersmorgan we all voted for you tonight as winner of the debate
via  @ mailonline trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put carson on top  
 @ theeconomist poll one of the most highly respected was just released wow wait until the media digests these numbers  won't be happy !
i'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via the economist 32 ! 
 @ vaporcon2015 realdonaldtrump the liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against hillary
 @ mozarttaig1 cnbc is trying to drive down poll numbers to install carson  who the establishment gop will promptly roll win don win !
 @ 1barbara1 realdonaldtrump  @ morningjoe  @ politico i watched the entire rally and trump was very well received the place was packed
 @ morningjoe can you believe kasie hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in iowa  @ politico is a scam !
 @ cnbc continues to report fictious poll numbers number one based on every statistic is trump by a wide margin they just can't say it !
via the washington post :  inside the world of donald trump's super fans :  
 @ rketeltas realdonaldtrump at least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in iowa and not on book tours trump 2016 !
i am leaving for sioux city iowa  great event rally
trump's national lead increases to 356 going into the third gop debate it's trump carson and rubio 
thank you  @ sahilkapur for the wonderful story   
 @ rhatpatriot foxbusiness  @ realdonaldtrump   why not post the other polls where trump has 40 percent and carson is in the teens ? strange ?
 @ bawl :  i agree  @ billkristol hasn't be right about anything in a very long time shocking that  @ morningjoe gives him a platform
 @ albertomarsano realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you in reno nevada this thursday ! nevada stands with you ! ! !  nice
 @ thejusticeengle realdonaldtrump i'm 18 years old from florida and just registered to vote you got my vote in the primaries ! thanks
 @ coloradojoe2001 :  how is any one taking carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour ?
dopey  @ billkristol who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks said last week on  @ morningjoe that biden was in
 # trumptoday watch my appearance on the  @ todayshow from this morning 
 @ mariaheck robertsliardon  @ realdonaldtrump the more i hear trump the more i like him !
an aerial shot of jacksonville crowd yesterday ! i may as well show you because the media won't  # trump2016 
 @ rketeltas realdonaldtrump bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from hillary
 @ jfgrcar realdonaldtrump gentle ben is no match for putin or if the truth be told even for hilary usa needs a winner
 @ thuglife602 realdonaldtrump bad position for jeb if his mommy daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
 @ josemen31 realdonaldtrump this mexican here loves you man ! keep doing your thing  # mexicolovestrump  great !
 @ concerningtimes jebbush needs to drop out your hurting the republican cause   @ realdonaldtrump is our choice
 @ russia890 cnnpolitics  @ realdonaldtrump trump is the smartest of all my comment is non partisan i heard everybody n im on trump side
big poll comes out today on face the nation at 10 : 30 on  @ cbs news 
i spell out some of the differences between ben carson and myself at 9 : 00 am on  @ cnn  @ jaketapper ben is very weak on illegal immigration
i will be doing a major sit down interview on state of the union with jake tapper at 9 : 00 am on  @ cnn enjoy !
 @ voxdotcom :  trump has figured out jeb bush's greatest weakness as a candidate and it's not his energy level 
 @ jaredchristophr :  donald trump is the only person that can make this country great again  @ realdonaldtrump i fully agree !
 @ politicalwire : “bush has no money he’s meeting today with mommy and daddy and they’re working on his campaign 
 @ hankcampbell :  democrats seem to be more interested in donald trump than hillary clinton
 @ jebbush is slashing campaign salaries people making millions if he can't manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances ?
 @ jebbush had a tiny 300 person crowd at senator tim scott's forum i had thousands and they had real passion ! 
expecting a great crowd of amazing people questions will be live !  # trumptoday
i will be doing the  @ todayshow live from new hampshire at 7am on monday morning  # trumptoday
will be doing a sit down interview with   @ jaketapper  @ cnn on sunday morning at 9 : 00 tough questions and hopefully very good answers !
just finished speaking in jacksonville florida incredible crowd fantastic people thank you !
saying goodbye to some of my great workers at  @ trumpdoral in miami 
massive crowds already forming in jacksonville  will be and incredible day  12 noon !  make america great again !
 @ oshack :  a surprising number of republicans think donald trump is their best hope in 2016 
crowd was amazing tonight at trump national doral in miami love and excitement in the ballroom tomorrow at noon in jacksonville !
remember official campaign merchandise hats apparel etc can only be bought at 
 @ ir0nspirit :  can't wait for you to take the white house our country will once again be strong !  ? ? sorry jebbush but you got no chance !
 @ miamiherald :  for donald trump south florida makes it rain — dollars that is 
 @ dpdax  @ realdonaldtrump thanks for standing for vets take care of those that give so much
joe thanks for not running ! 
 # chriswallace who interviewed me on sunday had his highest ratings since feb of '09 congratulations !  
 @ carrillopete realdonaldtrump people are for you  # trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and  # makeamericagreatagain
can u believe that jeb bush’s campaign manager is in berlin germany looking for money ? what’s he giving to germany ? 
 @ iamtyler   @ michaelcohen212 i can promise you the only reason i watched the democrat's debate is because of  @ realdonaldtrump
the great workers who just completed the skylight at trump international hotel dc old post office 
i will be interviewed on  @ gma good morning america at 7 : 00 am  @ abc will be announcing new poll numbers make america great again !
 @ printingsharon realdonaldtrump   never been so excited about voting for a candidate since i voted for reagan
 @ alicecarozza realdonaldtrump you were so much better than jeb on hannity so great and presidential i'm happy this was discussed
 @ chocolate3way :  i have never loved a candidate as much as i love  @ realdonaldtrump i can't wait for him to make america great again ! nice !
 @ aaronathman realdonaldtrump first time i can ever vote and you've got mine ! i want to make america great again  fantastic !
 @ ousoonermaniac :  we are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in burlington  iowa tomorrow !  # makeamericagreatagain  see you there !
 @ saadvisory realdonaldtrump donald keep fighting  you are the only hope for america !
 @ ansunsayavong :  your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with sun tzu would be very proud you are a tactical genius  # artofwar
 @ monicacrowley you were great on  @ seanhannity tonight thank you for the nice words !
i will be interviewed on  @ gma good morning america tomorrow at 7 : 00 am big new abc poll coming out  i hope i do well !
 @ btodd539 :    @ seanhannity now they are all saying donald really could be president ! i knew this from start ! we all must work together !
 @ girldaytrader :  our new president will provide something we've never had before  # truth even if it hurts  # trump 
 @ karlrove  had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41  morning consult boston globe monmouth nbc and cnn all great more !
i will be interviewed on  @ seanhannity tonight at 10 : 00 you will find it very interesting i hope enjoy !
both aberdeen and turnberry in scotland and the soon to open doonbeg in ireland blow bandon dunes away bandon is a toy by comparison !
lots of great new pollsbig leads !  
 @ trump4potusplz :  had to join twitter for the first time just to support donald  @ realdonaldtrump  trump 2016 great !
 @ theratzpack svingali  @ fox news   @ megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train be gr8 if she were just fair and balanced
 @ lwentzel1 :  link of the day ! most popular link among people i follow is 
 @ weaverinc31 :  the problem is  @ mittromney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base weak at best !
 @ vbonina :    @ conservecast  @ georgewill why does fox even talk to will ? he is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about
 @ crowebar67 :    @ megynkelly been boycotting her since 1st debate mr trump and so have plenty of other decent people ratings r going down ? ?
 @ chefmama32 realdonaldtrump good interview with chris ! chris even gave you a thumbs up for potus
 @ karen05866992 realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  so far this is one of the best interviews with trump ! !
 @ karen05866992 realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  so far this is one of the best interviews with trump !  thank you
 @ anncoulter : he's right trump on 9/11 happening on bush's watch :  with my immigration policy i doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
just reported by cnn that the trump halo effect  caused a recordshattering democratic debate rating of 153 million viewers so true !
i will be interviewed by chris wallace at 2 : 00  pm  on  @ fox news   turn off the football for 15 minutes make america great again !
 @ danlifting realdonaldtrump get a life george will usa doesn't make anything anymore trump will bring manufacturing back to usa !
 @ adamblickstein : i never thought i'd say this but  @ realdonaldtrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that bush didn't keep us safe
 @ smr111382 realdonaldtrump one of the best interviews i have seen fox news 
 @ walterekurtzjr realdonaldtrump  chris wallace :  after my interview and listening to his answers i think donald trump could be president
 @ glitteralex realdonaldtrump is what we need to fix this mess !  # makeamericagreatagain im only 11 but my parents are voting for trump !
does everyone remember    @ mittromney and his famous remarks about selfdeportation and 47 he was done i don't need his angry advice !
on at 9 : 00am or 10 : 00 am depending on your location  on fox is a tough but really good interview with chris wallace enjoy !
 @ claytonmorris :  donald trump is so far ahead in two key state polls  
 @ bk2seattle realdonaldtrump i was with you in tyngsboro ma last night ! you will be our next president what a fantastic evening !
 @ vlynpowell realdonaldtrump at happy hour tonight in charleston sc everyone at the bar said they were supporting donald trump thanks !
i will be interviewed on fox  news  sunday with chris wallace at 9 : 00 am or 10 : 00 am depending on location will be tough but good !
 @ aspiesmom :  nypost gets it you talk like a new yorker my dad is a democrat longislander he gets it too and you've got his vote
 @ hillaryclinton is on the front page of the  @ nytimes waving to 200 people in new hampshire my crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic !
 @ katrinapierson you did a fantastic job tonight on  @ fox news  thank you for your very tough and very smart representation !
 @ myhealthcoach1 noahgraycnn  thank you police force for your efforts of protecting donald trump we love you for this god bless you ! !
no  @ jebbush you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the world trade center was attacked and came down
in massachusetts  the place is packed !  # makeamericagreatagain
rumor has it that the grubby head of failing  @ vanityfair magazine sloppy graydon carter is going to be fired or replaced very soon ?
 @ scottienhughes  keep up the great work scottie polls are best ever !
 @ pjdahling mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious  @ realdonaldtrump is a force that is unstoppable
 @ erictrump was fantastic on  @ foxandfriends this morning he may be my son but he is a special guy !
 @ lancecombrink realdonaldtrump karl rove still thinks romney won why is he still on tv ?
 @ hohummm :  did you also hear megyn say carson is the frontrunner according so some polls tied in other polls outright lie !  hatred !
every poll time drudge slate and others said i won both debates  but heard megyn kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff i don't watch
 @ redscarebot brandongordy1 realdonaldtrump is what we millennials need i used to support that socialist from vt what a mistake
 @ isupporttrump16 realdonaldtrump has lived the american dream and has inspired millions ! he will  # makeamericagreatagain for all of us
signing my tax return 
i'm very proud of my daughter ivanka great interview   
incredible crowd in richmond virginia tonight ! so much spirit and energy !  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ foxgottrumped realdonaldtrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd ! we love you trump !  # trump2016
just did  @ oreillyfactor will be back on at 11 pm  on  @ fox news 
 @ chm1321 realdonaldtrump is in it to win it
 @ trumpfix :  i swear donald is getting better bolder brasher and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does ! he will win !
cnn poll just out on south carolina – great  # ’s 
 @ andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the  # demdebate last night tough firm but fair
 @ releafpen :  dem debate message summary  more free handouts they will be voting in droves we need to get out and vote trump big time !
 @ suzyserb realdonaldtrump 100000 people watching tonight for real change that would be trump 2016 checking out the clown competition
sanders said only black lives matter  wow ! hillary did not answer question !
 @ iamtyler :  i can't wait for  @ realdonaldtrump to debate one of these clowns ! all are so weak !
 @ keksecorg :  the only winner of the  # demdebate is  @ realdonaldtrump  this is not a great debate  a little sad !
 @ timcoopertweets :  how amazing is it that the  # 1 trending topic is  @ realdonaldtrump talking about the  # demdebatemore than the debate itself
 @ realninjetta realdonaldtrump  @ ingrahamangle why did hillary get to skate past the do black lives matter  anderson let her off hook !
good move by bernie s
 @ achilarre :  i couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the  @ realdonaldtrump debated any one of these five jabronis
 @ mikerichterp realdonaldtrump i joined twitter tonight just to hear mrtrump tweet about this silly debate
 @ iamnewhere :  webb is trying to be  @ realdonaldtrump and its not working  he is not doing well !
 @ dnorrell :  this is one of the most dysfunctional debates i've seen in my lifetime  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ juliatock realdonaldtrump sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works scary !
 @ laurenda123 realdonaldtrump i think  @ jebbush and  @ marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage
 @ kosbornsullivan :  on our 25th anniversary my husband and i are happily staying in to watch  # demdebate and read  @ realdonaldtrump comments
 @ rjdicksii realdonaldtrump these cats are like bad used car salesmen
 @ princeolivier13 :  why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns ! have the election tomorrow !  # trump2016  # demdebate
 @ maxxgadog lindasuhler  @ realdonaldtrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
o'malley as former mayor of baltimore has very little chance
can anyone imagine chafee as president ? no way
 @ tr3s3can realdonaldtrump  @ realdonaldtrump make america great again ! would not even watch dem debate except donald is tweeting about it !
 @ amd9890 realdonaldtrump was right # demdebate is boring  ? these ppl are so scripted  so far !
putin is not feeling too nervous or scared    # demdebate
 @ valmouw realdonaldtrump where are you ? i'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started  # demdebate
 @ streckerjosh :  the hillary love fest on cnn is ridiculous i feel bad for the other candidatesespecially the noncriminal ones
 @ elvinichols :  will  @ cnn be tough as they were with  @ realdonaldtrump  ?  no way they will want to be soooo nice !
exclusivedavi :  trump the lion we need  
everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight  @ realdonaldtrump  # demdebate
 @ elvinichols :  will  @ cnn be tough as they were with  @ realdonaldtrump  ? not sure
someone should inform  @ cnn that despite spending millions of $'s on graphics it is not the democratic debate rather the democrat s d !
 @ heavenlyitalian seanhannity  @ fox news  time we had a businessman in the whwho can bring back jobs to america and restore the middle class
 @ gregwescott realdonaldtrump  @ seanhannity  @ fox news  another great interview you were point on  as good as it gets !  thanks !
 @ vickybrush :  that young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there horseshort
 @ kausmickey realdonaldtrump was calling out paul ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 
 @ thefix :  tuesday's democratic debate is missing just one thing :  donald trump  true can you think of anyone who wants to watch ?
i will be on face the nation cbs today at 10 : 30 am and media buzz fox  news  at 11 : 00 am enjoy !
via breitbart  riding high in polls donald trump storms the american south to overflow crowds in georgia
 @ chucktodd just informed us that my interview last week on  @ meetthepress was their highest rated show in 4 years congrats !
 @ wgorham realdonaldtrump go president trump ! many canadians up here are behind you totally ! 
 @ thewtftahoe :  please don't ever give up this country is in such a mess and needs a nonpolitician to fix it  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ jamgrigs realdonaldtrump trump keep fighting the fight for america we got your back the future is looking bright the trump revolution
heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center big crowds great people !
good luck to the us men’s national team in tomorrow’s concacaf cup vs mexico !  it should be a great game !  
crowd gathers to hear trump speech in las vegas 
 @ paulfincher2 keep the faith elect  @ realdonaldtrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities and very few illegals
 @ women4trump  msm cut off intro of trump in lv where we were told he just gave $20 million to st jude's charity 
true thanks  
thanks 
 @ jaymichaelsprod  trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from democrat to republican ? ?
i will be going to atlanta georgia tomorrow—here’s the info :  
 @ barbmuenchen   @ grindingdude  the book to read is time to get tough making america great again thanks
thanks larry best wishes  
good luck ! enjoy 
 @ laurarosencohen  @ marksteynonline  on  @ realdonaldtrump there is nothing trump does that doesn't work for him
 @ davidfoody  @ realdonaldtrump thank you for taking on the   establishmentthey don't know what to do do they ?
 @ ewerickson ran  @ redstate into the ground a change was necessary congratulations to  @ redstate and good luck in the future !
 @ ewerickson is a total low life read his past tweets a dummy with no “it” factor will fade fast
just leaving las vegas unbelievable crowd ! many hispanics who love me and i love them ! 
thank you ! 
thanks 
'the goal is to be the winner' :  donald trump's campaign is for real via the guardian   
 @ skennedy1979 :  no one else brings the passion conviction experience that you have your message is resonating w america ! i'm excited
 @ moonwkr realdonaldtrump i would like to nominate  @ ivankatrump for speaker of the house what a great idea she is a total winner ! nice
 @ keksecorg realdonaldtrump i truly believe you are the best  # makeamericagreatagain  thank you so much !
 @ metskins10 realdonaldtrump  @ darrenjjordan  @ stuartpstevens pay him just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide
just arrived in las vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow big poll results today leading big everywhere make america great again !
 @ darrenjjordan realdonaldtrump  @ stuartpstevens and he's still a consultant ? for what ?  only a fool would pay stuart for his advice
just found out i won the rockingham county republican booth straw poll at the deerfield fair in new hampshire this past weekend 39 wow !
 @ politico has no power  but so dishonest !
i wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns  @ politico and their totally dishonest reporting
heading to a packed house in waterloo iowa ! will celebrate today's great poll numbers together see you soon !
 @ sharonday5 :  the only hope for america to break from the single party establishment is to vote for  @ realdonaldtrump  # trump2016
 @ for2016 :  pundits love to take a snippet out of context from something donaldtrump says and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
 @ pnicastro1 :    @ waynenewtonmrlv he did give tremendous praise for you this morning on  @ foxandfriends keep it up !make america great again !
 @ rogerhartford8 realdonaldtrump hope you win it all  time for a change  ! !
 @ 4mostcoach :  i enjoy every  @ realdonaldtrump speech in its entirety nobody's going 2 tell me what our next president says but him
 @ waynenewtonmrlv  wayne such a pleasant surpriseso nice thank you very much
 @ wmikewood cnn trump shuts down cuomo i am not getting out i am going to win cuomo tries sleazy tricks  epic fail unprofessional
 @ lindaricker6 :  my choice  @ realdonaldtrump just finished a great interview on cnn pathetic questions from cuomo but trump cleared the air
 @ q1776 :  love fest for donaldtrump on  @ marklevinshow just now top 5 talk radio audience in country great being on the show with mark !
 @ 4udirtyrat realdonaldtrump 9 million more out of work because of this bad dealwill have over 100 million out of work nice going obama
 @ forbes :  “if donald trump puts his name on x it will sell for 37 times more than it would otherwise”  nice !
 @ marklevinshow :  donald trump will be on my show tonight at 8 : 30  pm  eastern time will be my great honor so much to talk about !
political strategist stuart stevenswho led romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts !
 @ paulrsidneyuk :  i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas we are the minority constantly discriminated against
 @ nathanpaul1975 realdonaldtrump hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do ! go trump ? ?
 @ lindaleereyes realdonaldtrump great job donald can't waite for you to be president and neither can america ! !
 @ neilforell :  watched the roast of  @ realdonaldtrump you took those jokes like a champ what a good sport ! im voting for you now  great
 @ piercingshawn realdonaldtrump please don't roll over  you are this country's last hope and our kids need you don't lose this deal  !
 @ realreagan0503 :  it's funny how they say  @ realdonaldtrump doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies
 @ gsesays :  overwhelming wins by  @ realdonaldtrump in primaries will prove what will happen landslide in the general election
 @ tvegan :  donaldtrump your kicking everyone's ass ! always believed in this country  ! your going to make america great again  ! mr president !
 @ howardkurtz :  trump's big lead in a new poll and whether jeb's stuff happens was taken out of context with  @ megynkelly tonight thanks h !
 @ apollonc1 realdonaldtrump  @ mnmanstein2 you will be the next president of the usa ! thank you mr trump sincerely the middle class ! !
 @ kelliheathman1 :  megan kelly admitted trump was leading by a lot ! that talk with ailes must have worked time to get tough trump 2016
 @ kenpettigrew :  don't slow down the trump storm american needs leadership not a paper president like obama don't leave us with jeb !
pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging  @ monteskitchen in upstate new york 
 @ billsupdates :  why buffalo bills could be responsible for donald trump becoming president 
will be in nashville tennessee tomorrow saturday at 2 : 30  pm  so much to talk about  see you there !
 @ rlholdensr realdonaldtrump mr trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election ! obama is destroying the us !
my warmest condolences to the families of the horrible roseburg oregon shootings
i will be interviewed on  @ seanhannity tonight at 10 : 00 many things mostly bad to talk about !
 @ ethabrooke :    @ mittromney like always you are telling the truthi liked romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough true !
 @ barretoeugenio :    @ mittromney it's sad but gop does not want yod.c.heir candidate but we the people do latinos for trump
 @ mittromney is trying to hit back at me because i'm saying that he let the repub party down w/ his loss to obama should've won—he choked !
thanks 
 @ jayrhaw realdonaldtrump was right  @ randpaul wont last even paul knew it thats why he's still running for his senate seat   # trump2016
 @ sternbutgreg realdonaldtrump is pulling away from the pack i live in iowa it's real thank you !
 @ jaycatalyst1 realdonaldtrump univision execs are hypocritesthey dish out the most discrimination you should highlight that point
wow so nice ! thank you wayne allyn root 
highly respected economist  @ larrykudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you larry 
rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests a lightweight senator with the worst voting record in senate lazy !
 @ kissmeandrocco realdonaldtrump who ever thinks donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country thank you
i watched lightweight senator  marco rubio who is all talk and no action defend his weak position on illegal immigration pathetic !
great ! 
thanks 
 @ spurrelljulie  first time in my life i wish i was an american citizen so i could vote for  @ realdonaldtrump  ! !
 @ reversingasd 60minutes notice how your twits about  @ realdonaldtrump are the most rt !  we the american ppl love and want  # trump2016  !
 @ jennaleeusa :  when asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls   @ realdonaldtrump replies :  it's cheaper than wall paper ha !
 @ skyeshepard :  trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what us is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
 @ rketeltas realdonaldtrump while the former kgb putin gets softballs trump gets the matt harvey fastball and hits it out of the park
 @ freestateyank :  exwife ivana trump says  @ realdonaldtrump can win likely will win and will be a great president 
 @ theintellect111 realdonaldtrump mr trump please do not give inyou are changing history we need yod.c.ur next leader its your time
 @ taurus82409 cbs  @ 60minutes look forward to it donald you are doing great ! please keep up the fight many of us are behind you 100 ! !
 @ realdonaldtrump :  i will be on  @ cbs  @ 60minutes this sunday a great honor hope you enjoy it
an updated poll tracker with all polls thru the weekend reveals i maintained a double digit lead at… 
i will be on  @ cbs  @ 60minutes this sunday a great honor hope you enjoy it
has worst attendance record in senate rarely there to vote on a bill !  @ marcorubio
 @ rketeltas :    @ joemarzocco waiting for the biased media to write about the 30000 carly fired as a failed ceo america is for trump !
 @ megynkelly the  @ fox news    poll said very plainly i came in second in the debate all others time drudge slate etc said i came in 1st
 @ joemarzocco realdonaldtrump they attack trump for not giving policy 
 @ yayala19 :    @ marcorubio what the lobbyists the media and career politicians will do next to try to stop trump ? silent majority is back
just watched  @ marcorubio on television just another all talk no action politician truly doesn't have a clue ! worst voting record in sen
the failing  @ politico  news  outlet which i hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest !
 @ fox news  owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit  @ richlowry to use such foul language on tv unheard of !
incompetent  @ richlowry lost it tonight on  @ fox news  he should not be allowed on tv and the fcc should fine him !
 @ mark60644 :    @ megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for trump is because he is anti politician  # trump2016
i think  @ megynkelly should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation
senator marco amnesty rubio who has worst voting record in senate just hit me on national securitybut i said don't go into iraq vision
i will be on the  @ colbertlateshow tonight at 11 : 30 
 @ miriamrosemc :    # trump2016 would be the best for the country jobs trade and taxes  all others are status quo  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ jimclarkfarrier rockprincess818  @ leahr77  @ realdonaldtrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess !  true !
 @ glendabelle11 fox news  fox has become a supporter of liberals !they are not supporting the gop candidatesespecially trump ! quit watching
 @ edwardchelednik realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  hey donald your not alone i can't watch it at all used to be all i watched
 @ vickybrush :   do what most of us are doing ! turn off  @ fox news  ! there is a major boycott going on with them anyway problem solved !
 @ angelatribble realdonaldtrump we love you donald trump because we know you are the only one to  # makeamericagreatagain thanks
 @ madscape realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  and millions will agree with you ! most of us on twitter now view oan network
 @ seleti00 realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  they attack you more then cnn or msnbc combined just a bunch of old bush appointee rhinos
 @ waynearmstron10 realdonaldtrump you must be relentless and maintain energy and respond as you have been it's a marathon  true
 @ johndipaolo realdonaldtrump will get out disaffected repub base voters as well as democrats looking for a real choice on immigration
 @ diannrr megynkelly do you dream about  @ realdonaldtrump ? he's in your head let it go she is the worst  all antitrump ! terrible show
 @ coolgirl6978 :    @ oreillyfactor  @ fox news  this is bull fox o'reilly i expect better from you what is going on ? fair and balanced my ass
 @ alivelutheran todayshow touts cnn polls instead of their own ! of course the nbc one shows him much higher trump corrects them !
thank you dani agree ! best wishes 
 @ judgemoroz  zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message  @ realdonaldtrump
 # asktrump getting ready to answer your questions 
carly fiorina is terrible at businessthe last thing our country needs ! 
 # asktrump send me your questions to answer live from  @ twitternyc later this afternoon
new zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead 
 @ alivelutheran todayshow touts cnn polls instead of their own ! of course the nbc one shows him much higher trump corrects them !
 @ linley4067jane realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends fox is using you for ratings they want u out of the race refuse
 @ dislabeledvet realdonaldtrump here is a clinton insider who admitted hillary started the whole obama's a muslim 
 @ johnste38475254 realdonaldtrump  @ fox news   why is fox being so hard on don't get itare they idiots ?
 @ thebrodyfile :  on the muslim issue :  it might help  @ barackobama if he actually supported christians religious liberty rights
 @ thebrodyfile :  on the muslim issue :  it might help  @ barackobama if he didn't take five years to visit israel
will be on  @ foxandfriends  now enjoy !
 @ saijosaijo75 realdonaldtrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again !
carly fiorina did such a horrible job at lucent and hp virtually destroying both companies that she never got another ceo job offer ! pres
i have been leading big in all  polls with two more today  @ nbc and  @ cnn the nbc poll is more than double next  at 29 fiorina has 11
i will be on  @ meetthepress at 10 : 30  @ nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers based on the debate results i should do wellwho knows ?
 @ leghanliptak712 :  cnn tried to destroy donald trump with vaccine autism question but he gave this amazing response 
a great night in iowa ! 
give america back its dream donald j trump
would be really bad if columnist mike lupica left the  @ nydaily news   a wonderful and talented guy !
going to new hampshire in a little while big crowds !  # makeamericagreatagain !
every poll done on debate last night from drudge to  news max to time magazine had me winning in a landslide  # makeamericagreatagain !
the  # cnndebate was amazing  so much fun ! 
 @ 97musick ac360  @ cnn the sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money on the border and immigration trump will win
 @ club4growth asked me for $1 million i said no now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes i’ll lower big league for middle class
my plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them phony  @ club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie
 @ hashtag1usa realdonaldtrump trump rocked iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters  # trump2016
 @ mey :  i don't know how any american can watch this video and not want to vote for  @ realdonaldtrump  # teamtrump  ? 
 @ jeffraykovich realdonaldtrump are you going to come to wisconsin in the near future ? # trump2016  # makeamericagreatagain yes
had a record crowd in boone iowa a fantastic day we will  # makeamericagreatagain 
i am having a great time in iowa at jack trice stadium ! unbelievable people
too many people on stage for debate  @ randpaul at 11th with 2 in  @ realclear news  shouldn't be allowed to participate
i truly understood the appeal of ron paul but his son  @ randpaul didn't get the right gene
trump’s campaign hat becomes an ironic summer accessory  the new york times 
 @ mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television  fantastic job and greatly appreciated !
 @ joehos18 :  trump 96 success rate in business only 4 out of 100 companies went south better than any other candidate better than all
 @ trumpin2016 realdonaldtrump does best imitation of himself  we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul
 @ danielleboussel :  i fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong @ realdonaldtrump
 @ mlssthot realdonaldtrump i want our president to be smart and witty like you mr trump thanks
 @ lukedillon6 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump doesn't become the next president then that just shows how dumb america really is  # trump nice thanks !
 @ iamapatsfan :  what are your thoughts on your good friend tom brady's performance yesterday ?  he was fantastic a total winner !
 @ 5sosjrt1d :  mr trump you weren't just huge on  @ fallontonight  you were awesome wisdom and humor are a powerful combination ! !
 @ kittenholiday :  at the neighborhood bar talking about  @ realdonaldtrump we need him we will make america great again !
 @ ginhay :  trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on  @ jimmyfallon tonight the young people are going to love him !
via the hill no tickets left for trump's dallas rally 
just purchased nbc’s half of the miss universe organization and settled all lawsuits against them now own 100  stay tuned !
oh wow lightweight governor  @ bobbyjindal who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair so original !
i will be on the tonight show with jimmy fallon tonight at 11 : 30 should be fun !  @ jimmyfallon
i will be speaking at the  # stopirandeal rally shortly watch live here 
see you in dc tomorrow at 1 : 00  pm  at the capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with iran really sad !
 @ chris0u24 realdonaldtrump i've just lost hope mr trump hope you put america back the way it was
i'm on bill  @ oreillyfactor tonight at 8  pm  it will be another lively interview about how to  # makeamericagreatagain !
jeb’s policies in florida helped lead to its almost total collapse right after he left he went to work for lehman brothers—wow !
wow ! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president thank you robert 
looking forward to being with  @ sentedcruz at our big rally in dc on wednesday 1 : 00  pm  at the capitol to protest insane iran nuke deal !
 @ afievoli realdonaldtrump we need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in ! go mrtrump ! !
 @ rnull65 am 72 year old female you give me hope 1st time in years america can come backstay the course we need you in 2016 !
 @ jimlibertarian :    @ slwstdysque donald has already done many great thingshe has woke america up and people are screaming donald everywhere
 @ broewads realdonaldtrump  @ club4growth they are all just phony cronies keep up the real deal mr trump you are the man
 @ deanallen12 club4growth  club4growth will do anything for a handout just like every other politician running pay to say organization
 @ cadigirl13 realdonaldtrump you are our only hope  ! keep strong mrtrump thank you
 @ jasonusmc2017 blaynetroy  @ realdonaldtrump :  he was right when he called obama the 5 for 1 president 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
the dallas event on september 14 at 6 : 00  pm  at the american airlines center looks like it will be a giant success tickets are going fast !
if the presidential election were held today according to this  @ surveyusa poll donald trump would defeat any dem :  
remember that i am selffunding my campaign hillary jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money100 controlled
hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompterbut there was no emotion no truth just can't read speeches !
just announced that because of trump advertising rates for debate on  @ cnn are going from $5000 to $200000 a 4000 increasepay charity ?
why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like hugh hewitt be doing the next debate on  @ cnn he is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy !
 @ meghanmccain was terrible on  @ thefive yesterday angry and obnoxious she will never make it on tv  @ fox news  can do so much better !
terrific response to my previous tweet :  i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6  pm  
i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6  pm   will be great to be back in texas 
 @ linnie13 greta  @ realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  i love donald trump for once i feel like someone out there running actually cares about us
 @ kevinolearytv great job on  @ foxandfriends this morning you tell it like it is ! also thx for the nice mention your book sounds great !
a terrible deal with iran ! 
will be interviewed on  @ gma this morning at 7 : 00 thanks for the great poll results !
 @ lbabcock2 :    @ oreillyfactor  @ fox news  i have always wondered why fox kept rove on after his disastrous election predictions he is a joke !
every poll has me winning bigif you listen to dopey karl rove a trump hater on  @ oreillyfactor you would think i'm doing poorly  @ fox news 
why does  @ oreillyfactor and  @ fox news  always have karl rove on he spent $430 million and lost all races a dope who said romney won election
no more clintons or bushes ! 
 @ belairca :  only trump is capable of cleaning up the mess america is in that's why he has my vote !  # makeamericagreatagain  # trump   so true !
 @ highwayhopper66 conniemackiv  @ 00patriot my wife and i are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor period ! thank you
just out  new ppp national poll has me in first place by a wide margin at 29 i wonder why only  @ fox news  has not reported this ? too bad !
very proud of trump int'l golf links in aberdeen scotland just got the five star award from  @ visitscot news   
huma abedin the top aide to hillary clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag anthony wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info
leading in the bloomberg iowa poll also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip thank you iowa !
wow jeb bush just lost three of his top fundraisers  they quit !
leaving now for tennessee big crowd !
 @ tdarbymitchell :  i love you donald trump ! i've never liked politics before u came on the scene but i finally feel like there's hope for usa
 @ nancylleonard :  love 'em or hate 'em  @ realdonaldtrump is changing the playing field finally our country needed this wakeup call
 # makeamericagreatagain from my speech in south carolina yesterday 
via cnn :  trump now leads in odds to win gop nomination 
great job tonight on  @ fox news  tony i am with you all the way ! make america great again   @ tperkins
 @ irisodle :  love you man ! i'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman ! behind you all the way !
will be interviewed on  @ morningjoe at 7 : 00 am so much to talk about !
 @ benfergusonshow just watched you on  @ cnn thank you for your nice comments
 @ katrinacampins you were absolutely great on  @ cnn ! thank you
 @ dennisdmz thanks for the nice words you are fantastic !
will be interviewed on the  @ todayshow this morning at 7 : 00 talking about politics polls and whatever enjoy !
thank you  @ billkristol i am going to make america great again !
true thanks  
thanks  
another good poll result in the great state of sc trump at 30 carson at 15 and bush at 9  
congrats  @ lindseygrahamsc you just got 4 points in your home state of sc—far better than zero nationally you’re only 26 pts behind me
 @ lindalcarson realdonaldtrump rubio and bush cant say wall i guess it is not pc just like obama cant say islamic terrorists  ! !
 @ ragefelix :    @ governorpataki  i lived in ny when tacky pataki was gov he was a total disaster for the people of new york
 @ dlund22226523 :  gov scott walker has ran wisconsin's economy into the ground how dare he criticize you you would fire him in a second
 @ ibemoshing :  no hope for jeb bush anymore  @ realdonaldtrump has been on fire ! really hope he can get the win and fix this country !
jeb bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence it's not a fence jeb it's a wall and there's a big difference !
jeb bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc is he ashamed of the name bush ? a pretty sad situation go jeb !
 @ patrickstinard megynkelly kelly file was much better without megyn kelly her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better !
 @ jdwarren12 realdonaldtrump mr trump i appreciate you and your honesty sir  thank you
 @ toneantone96 realdonaldtrump no man or women on this planet can give us back america with the exception of  @ realdonaldtrump leadership !
 @ mstanish53 realdonaldtrump  @ megynkelly  the bimbo back in town  i hope not for long 
 @ swampbug seanhannity  cruz is my second/third choice carson is also a good man i look at it as war so my choice is trump
 @ bigpaulfla realdonaldtrump  she has come back looking like nancy grace
i liked the kelly file much better without  @ megynkelly perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation !
 @ megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game was afraid to confront dr cornel west no clue on immigration !
thank you greta 
even barbara bush agrees with me 
depression be careful of china ! 
 @ zephyrusmatrix :  will you finally get respect for predicting us concerns even weeks before disaster strikesthe country needs a visionary
i had 15000 people in phoenix but  @ politico said the rooms capacity is just over 2000 but said bernie  sanders had 11000 in same room
 @ dojiedojie realdonaldtrump keep talking donaldthe people want to hear it loud and clear ! !
alabama was great last night amazing people 30000 folks  was largest crowd of political season nice !
 @ jessebwatters you did a great job hosting  @ oreillyfactor everybody loved it ! thank you for the nice words
dow dives more than 500 points  down 9 from high be careful !
leaving for mobile alabama right now  can't be late !
great ! 
 @ 2ndvoter stevehuang68 agree one of the things that is good abt  @ realdonaldtrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking
 @ mattyjack33 :    @ tomllamasabc so refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists keep it up trump !
behind the scenes video with “uncle sam” eagle’s name and me
had a special visitor in my office yesterday for  @ time photo shoot 
on the cover of  @ time magazine—a great honor ! 
another great poll result ! thank you ! 
 @ lkdusa lkdusa now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like  @ realdonaldtrump the rest don't cut it all wimps ! !
will be in new hampshire and then on  @ cnn special at 9  pm  tonight
my official  # makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online to shop please visit 
our online campaign store is open ! visit 
my official  # makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online to shop please visit 
listening to  @ rushlimbaugh on way back to jury duty fantastic show terrific guy !
 @ ruizseferino :    @ paulfincher2 please have mercy on all veterans all we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not trump for pres !
 @ bannermanjack :  rush is on fire today !he really does have his finger on the pulse the  @ realdonaldtrump shamers can't win against el rushbo
 @ writereadrock thehill donaldtrump is everywhere ! at this moment he is the most famous person on earth and for a good reason !  # trump2016
making speech tonight in new hampshire  leaving now fantastic people fantastic crowd !
our campaign store is officially open ! visit 
our online campaign store is officially open ! visit 
my official  # makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online to shop please visit 
our online store is officially open ! visit 
 @ sentedcruz had a very good debate far better than rand paul
 @ ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on  @ oreillyfactor better luck tomorrow !
 @ officialjtw realdonaldtrump you're iconic ! you are going down in the history books !  # trump2016  so nice thank you
truly weird senator rand paul of kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain he was terrible at debate !
frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman  @ kathielgifford what a couple ! 
 @ kathielgifford melania  and i send our deepest condolences frank was a special and amazing person he will be missed by all !
i will be interviewed on  @ today show at 7 : 00 am and on morning joe at 7 : 20
wonderful frank gifford has just passed away at age 84 he was my friend and a truly great guy ! warmest condolences to family
 @ strayamaaaate :  donaldtrump shaking things up in us elections jeb bush is really weak carly fiorina shud go back to hp
 @ outof390 :  •• you got the the largest rating in history  that should say all needed about you to  @ fox news  ! 
 @ granitttg realdonaldtrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote  # donaldtrump
 @ sacquisto23 realdonaldtrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades  # makeamericagreatagain
small crowds at  @ redstate today in atlanta people were very angry at ewerickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
wow cnn just said that donald trump won the debate connected best with audience also time drudge  news max nytimes and more !
 @ john832thetruth frankluntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011 keep speaking the truth ! trump 2016 ! ?
 @ elvisfever :    @ megynkelly  @ fox news  out to get you with baited questions she was angry at you very hostile and unprofessional
 @ gotmade realdonaldtrump great job winning the debate last night will take over half the field out  @ fox news  was not fair to trump
 @ southernanon63 :  i am a stone cold down to the bone democrat but i will be voting  @ realdonaldtrump on election day
 @ joshuapantoja megynkelly  @ frankluntz  @ realdonaldtrump you tried to attack trump he took it and smiled trump will be the next president
 @ italy2320 :    @ reid2962  @ fox news   @ megynkelly tell me what i can do to help you she really has made me want to never watch fox again
 @ lking2fly :  i gotta have  @ realdonaldtrump in the white house that'd be such a game changer
i really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the  @ fox news  trio especially  @ megynkelly was not very good or professional !
 @ frankluntz your socalled focus groups are a total joke don't come to my office looking for business again you are a clown !
wow  @ megynkelly really bombed tonight people are going wild on twitter ! funny to watch
 @ frankluntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and i had zero interest now he picks antitrump panels !
 @ fox news  realdonaldtrump :  “when you have $18$19 trillion in debt they need someone like me to straighten it out 
thank you  @ time readers a great honor ! 
 @ realbobmassi who does a show called bob massi is the property man on  @ fox news  really knows his stuffa total pro !
 @ lesleyclark anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch  @ realdonaldtrump”  
 @ jessicarnewman :  the only reason most viewers will be watching the  # republicandebate tonight  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ rkmcpherson2014 :  tonights the gop aka  @ realdonaldtrump show projected to be the most watched gop debate in history will u b watching ? ?
 @ suandres2013 :  my dad is a korean and vietnam vet 51 years total with govt he's 81 and sharp as a tack you got his vote go donald
 @ women4trump mauigirl56  @ realdonaldtrump  we shall see all i know is the donald is the only one who can  # makeamericagreatagain ! !
 @ anothertrumpvot :  the way donaldtrump handled the release of his phone number compared to  @ lindseygrahamsc tell you all you need to know
 @ women4trump realdonaldtrump  @ seminoland yup and clinton's leaked meeting with the donald because they are skeered of all his support
 @ frankluntz :  trump is leading with almost every major group of republican primary voters 
 @ seminoland realdonaldtrump hilary is trying to make jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of the donald  true !
amymek  amen !  @ realdonaldtrump has drawn more attention to veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades !
wow ! such a wonderful article from fantastic peoplemy great honor ! 
 @ joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president
 @ tweet2u2  # trump only attacks those that attack him first he's not going to be abused by politician  @ marthamaccallum  # tcot
 @ tothetanr  @ realdonaldtrump you are the closest thing to teddy roosevelt tough as hell and speaks his damn mind and never bs's
thanks  
 @ insureretire  @ realdonaldtrump  @ gawker best response ever !  give trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well
 @ cookingdoll realdonaldtrump yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman stop the invasion
 @ seabeevietn :  go donaldnowhere in the constitution does it say that our president must be a lawyer/politician our founders weren't
 @ badfundraisers realdonaldtrump all donald trump knows how to do is win ! go trump 2016 ! i do love winning !
 @ kathlee08380944 wsj   @ hookjan trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border that's getting great attention go trump
92yearold registers to vote for first time says will vote for trump      
thank you  @ gawker ! call me on my cellphone 9177568000 and listen to my campaign message
diligence is the mother of good luck  benjamin franklin
 @ daaahawks  @ jimlibertarian  @ jeromecorsi  @ michaelcohen212   that is why i like mr trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it
 @ jimlibertarian  @ jeromecorsi  @ michaelcohen212 we the people are making it quite clear donald is the people's choice we want truthfulness
thank you  @ krauthammer for your nice comments on  @ oreillyfactor a lot of progress is being made !
my  # gopdebate  @ facebook question for the other candidates 
it came out that huma abedin knows all about hillary’s private illegal emails huma’s pr husband anthony weiner will tell the world
 @ dottieandbogey thanks for nice comments over weekend re turnberry you and your husband have fantastic taste ! also great commentary
 @ raleynicole143 :  i can't wait to be able to tell my kids i voted for  @ realdonaldtrump  ?  # makeamericagreatagain
bush is pretending that the trump surge is great for him and the  @ nytimesworld is  reporting bush delight  con job a bush nightmare !
 @ jesuspacheco58 realdonaldtrump i've been supporting you since i was 12 can i get a fav or something  # trump2016
 @ raxsondfs :  there is no way president trump loses this election he will win by historical landslide will be greatest  # potus ever ! thanks
 @ brady2edelman realdonaldtrump mr trump you are the next president of the united states and the next president reagangod bless america
 @ coachzachcooper :   congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the center stage position in the upcoming debates !
 @ darkredhair2 realdonaldtrump will get things done for america 
 @ colinswood   @ realdonaldtrump is worth more than all of the other presidential candidates combined and plenty more
 @ blindtothetruth trump is polling well because he speaks his mind not like some of the career politicians he's running against cowards
should not raise taxes in wisconsin but massive budget deficit education roads etc suffering  @ danhenninger lies  @ wsj
the polls have been consistently great the silent majority is speaking politicians are failing  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ lasannewton  @ realdonaldtrump the only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
 @ linablue realdonaldtrump i love the fact you can't be bought
getting ready to leave for my great resort turnberry in scotland hosting the women's british open biggest tournament will be back sat
 while tom brady is guilty because he replaced his legal cellphone ?
per  @ rushlimbaugh :  why does hillary clinton get the benefit of the doubt after she destroys her illegal email server 
 @ jereegeestavich  @ realdonaldtrump you are blowing everyone else away not just ahead but doubling wow
this is an outrage ! biasfree language guide claims the word 'american' is 'problematic'  what ? !  
 @ jan102345678 realdonaldtrump mrtrumpi am thrilled you are running for president of usayou are the only man for the job ! !
public policy polling ppp has just come out with a major poll putting me  # 1 with hispanics  leading all republican candidatestold you so
“government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives” – ronald reagan
we can make washington work for us it’s time for real leadership let’s  # makeamericagreatagain !  
we must protect our veterans  # makeamericagreatagain 
thank you  @ mcuban for your nice words i am rapidly becoming a  @ dallasmavs fan !   
 @ thebrodyfile was fantastic tonight on  @ cnn thank you we will make america great again !
 @ robertaritzen anncoulter  @ seanhannity  we love him ! i love his truth telling that he's so real and calls it how he sees it  # trump2016
will be interviewed tonight on  @ seanhannity at 10 : 00 there is so much to talk about !
i’ll be on  @ seanhannity tonight at 10  pm  and look forward to it lots to discuss !  enjoy
be in turnberry on thurs am for start of women's british open one of  world's great golf tournaments back soon to  # makeamericagreatagain !
veterans please call 855 vets 352 or email address veterans @ donaldtrumpcom to share your stories about the need to reform the va
 @ tommcpeek   more people r gravitating to  @ realdonaldtrump because they're tired of all the usual bs
thanks 
 @ readmynote no wonder why  @ realdonaldtrump is ahead in the presidential polls people are tired of the same old crap from washington !
 @ cj112connie i don't get the media ? ?trump is ahead in every poll but won't give him credit they say he won't make it ? ? 60 of us say yes
 @ alexpagliano caught  @ realdonaldtrump's speech from iowa why is the media portraying him so poorly ? guy has passion great ideas
thank you greta  
thank you wayne root  we will  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ rp53pierce realdonaldtrump mr trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
 @ mitchprefach :  donaldtrump iowa speech excellent particularly the end about israel and iran more foreign policy please you have my vote
 @ silversharen :  obama is in africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them how about that money to help america trump for potus
 @ pauladuvall2 :  before mr trump's presidential bid i was leaning toward walker ! glad i was saved from stepping in something terrible
 @ arful1dodger realdonaldtrump i know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self  !
 @ pauladuvall2 :   washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent must be since 7 yrs of lawlessness in wh are ignored
 @ eddiebrognano :   scottwalker thank you for saying what the media hasnt said about walker wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault
 @ billyjowiggins realdonaldtrump the lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
 @ eoetzel peddoc63  @ realdonaldtrump  jebbush i think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb
 @ bluestarwindow realdonaldtrump  @ bdean1468 putin knows that obama is a danger to the world putin will respect president trump true !
 @ walterwhfla realdonaldtrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker  ! next
 @ scottwalker is a nice guy but not presidential material wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc
 @ hturne realdonaldtrump vets tired of mccain using them as talking points and photo ops and nothing being done
 @ zacharysmitty realdonaldtrump i just listened to this speech and loved it !
 @ hl3tweets :    @ coachabda trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended true
 @ otto2468 realdonaldtrump he built up his company to be prosperous and successful why can't he do the same with america ?  # trump2016
 @ tricianc1 centaur6d if i were walker i'd be afraid of trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty benefits pathway for illegals
 @ coachabda :  please don't change a thing your attitude is exactly what this country needsno tiptoeing this man tells it how it is !
packed venue of people who want to  # makeamericagreatagain 
isn't it funny that i am now  # 1 in the money losing  @ huffingtonpost poll and by a big margin dummy  @ ariannahuff must be thrilled !
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa todaybut they lie !
 @ stonezipper :    @ stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is will never happen !
 @ sandrapatriot stephenfhayes what u really should b angry abt is the invasion of millions of illegals tking over america ! not donaldtrump
 @ garethbale22 realdonaldtrump you're going to turn america around donald i can feel it
 @ operator1975 realdonaldtrump please mr trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country ! !
 @ shellabella :    @ conniehegel my god ! why can't the gop see that trump is doing this solely 4 r country ! he had a very comfortable life !
 @ hammetjohn :  in my lifetime i've never seen americans energized excited about voting  @ realdonaldtrump woke up about 300 million people
 @ conniehegel realdonaldtrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch  so true !
thank you  @ dennisrodman  it's time to  # makeamericagreatagain ! i hope you are doing well ! 
 @ marklevinshow has written a great book plunder and deceit he powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today read it !
 @ kimbredesen  @ realdonaldtrump i appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is offended by what you say  # makeamericagreatagain
true thanks 
 @ nozzero   @ realdonaldtrump finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country ! !
be sure to get a copy of  @ williebosshog's new book american hunter
 @ williebosshog watched you on  @ foxandfriends you were great and i appreciate the nice statements i’m sending out for your new book now !
 @ titanicqueen  @ ladysandersfarm what frightens them abt trump is his totally non political correct nature~donald is shaking up the house !
 @ flanny1971 realdonaldtrump clearly puts this country first ! security vets economy and won't bow down to other world leaders !
you’re just not getting there  @ danaperino sometimes things just don’t work out but don’t worry no problem !
 @ bobbyjindal watched you on  @ teamcavuto made some excellent points best wishes
 @ rtylerr4 don't let the press put words in your mouth realdonaldtrump awesome job at the border ! you're doing great !
 @ tmautner1211  if all the hispanics hate the  @ realdonaldtrump why was he surrounded by so many hispanics at the border ?
 @ granthose  i like  @ realdonaldtrump  he isn't fake he tells you the truth not what you wanna hear
great ! 
 @ thejordanhafizi  @ realdonaldtrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind !
 @ themakaylamarie  @ realdonaldtrump is exactly what we need he says what the others are too afraid to say ! i'm for him 110  thanks
thanks  
 @ lagirlrebelyell : safe travels donaldtrump can't wait to hear the report later today ! ty for all you are doing to take this country back
 @ sanchezbrutus :  plz stay safe dear sir the world needs youyour competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion
 @ rox473 realdonaldtrump keep telling it like it is refreshing no political bs
getting ready to lift off for laredo will land at 1 : oo  pm  should be exciting and informative !
 @ billkristol   bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back trump country will soar !
what a waste of time being interviewed by  @ andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads liketim o'briendumb guy with no clue !
 @ moekamerow ac360 anderson cooper only wants to hear his answers mr trump tells the truth and can't be bought democrat for trump
boycott  @ macys no guts no glory besides there are far better stores !
 @ ac360  has the absolutely worst antitrump talking heads on his show dopey writer o'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth a waste !
 @ gene70 realdonaldtrump  @ macys america hears you donald and the people you are running against will hear all of us soon ! donald donald
 @ tedcruz you were terrific on  @ seanhannity tonight i am going to the border tomorrow
 @ bb1959 :    @ frankluntz i am not impressed with luntz never have been what makes him an expert  he has a good racket going
 @ jimlibertarian :    @ realdonaldtrump is leaving rick perry in the dustand everyone else for that matter donald will be our next potus
it's going to take an outsider to clean up after clinton bush and obama let's make america great again ! 
let’s trump the establishment ! we are no longer silent we will make america great again ! 
thank you  @ chucktodd for your commentary last night on  @ nbcnightly news  very fair  we are making progress together !
 @ governorperry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money hypocrite ! 
true thanks 
 @ pjaliveguy :  no matter what  @ realdonaldtrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it time for something that works !
 @ waitelane : if you don't want trump as president then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ prestonsdayoff montelwilliams  @ oreillyfactor  mr trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country ! no more career politicians
great day today in south carolina fantastic capacity crowd amazing people !
i'm glad president obama followed my lead and lowered the flags halfstaff it's about time !
 @ billd111  @ seanhannity  any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down
flags to be flown at halfstaff at all trump properties in honor of the five fallen soldiers
response to the des moines register 
 @ zachjohnsonpga  you're one of the truly great competitiors i’ve said it for years great going winning  @ openchampionship  not surprised !
 @ dillydoesit trump has no problem telling it how it is isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a president ?  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ wesleyruedy :  donald trump is the man and people don't appreciate his honesty  @ realdonaldtrump thank you
 @ alleykat2 realdonaldtrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man  so true
 @ albertozambrano heinzfguderian   well get your facts straight mccain was so bad he gave us obama he gave arms to islamic terrorists
 @ schwartzb realdonaldtrump we need your help donald ! make us great again !
 @ bjseastoneamp :  proud of you  @ realdonaldtrump keep cutting through the  # politicalcrap and tell it like it is
 @ tonyparker1981 natecohn  @ chrislhayes not a huge surprise all day tv is all about  @ realdonaldtrump and nothing about berniesanders
 @ 2009softail :  you nailed it on  @ oreillyfactor tonite you say what most middle class folks yell at their tv every night  you speak 4 us
 @ pjtv :  on top  the gop democrats and media have all hit  @ realdonaldtrump here’s the result :  
 @ shepherdgarrett :  it doesn't matter what the media thinksit matters what the american people think  keep it up !  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ alyssathgreat :   “senjohnmccain is always talking talking but nothing gets done these  # veterans are living in hell”  # oreillyfactor
 @ malibu101834 realdonaldtrump  @ oreillyfactor i'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views go donald
i will be interviewed on  @ oreillyfactor tonight at 8 : 00 will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc
look how small the pages have become  @ wsj looks like a tabloid—saving money i assume !
 @ amit  @ realdonaldtrump i agree 100 mccain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our vets
 @ valenti317  @ realdonaldtrump the left is petrified of you ! why else would they be attacking you so vigorously ?
 @ vetapologist this is big criticism of the republican field speak truth and stop being so pc this is why  @ realdonaldtrump resonates !
 @ rw84jr realdonaldtrump glad u r man enough 2 speak the truth in this pathetic politically correct world !
 @ jenism101 realdonaldtrump  @ 97musick trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right
 @ andres3v realdonaldtrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years  # trump2016  # trumpforamerica
 @ janetaylorann realdonaldtrump will make the best president ever
 @ ebalky realdonaldtrump that's all the career politicians do is talk
 @ sjbatis realdonaldtrump bravo for saying whats on most of americans mind lets make america great again !
 @ 2014vince :  the left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truthrealitykeep saying it like it is  !
 @ mwood79 :    @ sharylattkisson why do they attack mr trump ? because he has something they dont the ability of truth ! trump is here !
 @ dunncheri :    @ sharylattkisson mr trump the only one telling the truth liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
wow  @ sharylattkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what i said about john mccain 
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans veterans deserve universal access to care va scandal proves politicians are inept
statement on john mccain 
ratings starved  @ cnn and  @ cnnpolitics does not cover me accurately why can't they get it right  it's really not that hard !
 @ koltonbittner realdonaldtrump makes me proud to be an american so nice thank you !
 @ joeycarna realdonaldtrump if you don't win i'm moving to europe we will all win together !
 @ amandajoan40 :  this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election  # trump2016  # trumpforpresident
 @ nonstop85716 realdonaldtrumpi am always on the road i am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and mr trump has my vote
 @ genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys  so easy for you such talent ! i won’t forget
response to huffington post 
“god's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now”   @ franklingraham
“donald trump was proven right on another one of his top issues thursday :  'gun free zones' at military bases” 
i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night !  @ hillaryclinton had 68 the  # silentmajority is fed up with what is going on in america !
 @ tamaralynn212 rwsurfergirl   @ realdonaldtrump the whole gov needs to be remodeled he's the man for the job i'd love to see him prez
 @ therealcamsand :  it would be to cool if  @ realdonaldtrump was the president thanks !
 @ gotmade realdonaldtrump  @ johnmccain trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth mccain
 @ governorperry just gave a pollster quote on me he doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means
 @ senjohnmccain should be defeated in the primaries graduated last in his class at annapolisdummy !
leaving for new hampshire now making a speech—packed house  love it !
the worst show in las vegas in my opinion is  @ pennjillette hokey garbage new york show even worse !
dopey  @ lawrence o’donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my apprentice $ numbers were wrong he is a fool !
 @ bradsteinle great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact !
i loved firing goofball atheist penn  @ pennjillette on the apprentice he never had a chance wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness
irrelevant clown  @ karlrove sweats and shakes nervously on  @ fox news  as he talks bull about me has zero cred made fool of himself in '12
 @ reevesmh  it's been a long time since i've been excited about a candidate how refreshing to have a bold voice go trump !
 @ stephenbaldwin7 you were fabulous on cnn last nighti greatly appreciate your support  best wishes
 @ fox news  should not put  @ karlrove on—he has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong
via the hill :  trump tops national poll for second straight week  
 @ britinnv  @ realdonaldtrump would the people of us prefer a liar  @ hillaryclinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts ! no brainer hey !
 @ kavemanrj   @ realdonaldtrump amazing work trump ! i believe you will do the same for our country
getting ready to land in charlottesville virginia at trump vineyards another job producing develo pm ent that i bought and made amazing !
response to hillary clinton 
ford is moving jobs from michigan to mexico again ! 
i absolutely support kate’s law—in honor of the beautiful kate steinle who was gunned down in sf by an illegal immigrant
 @ saintpetersblog part of me really really likes  @ realdonaldtrump the man is breathtakingly honest have to give him credit
rush limbaugh :  trump has changed the entire debate on immigration 
 @ mclaughlingroup greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend people of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez
but that's what i've been saying very unfair treatment by the media !
trump however would kick his ass !
can you envision jeb bush or hillary clinton negotiating with 'el chapo' the mexican drug lord who escaped from prison ? 
sleep eyes  @ chucktodd is killing meet the press isn't he pathetic ? love watching him fail !
mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail unbelievable corruption and usa is paying the price  i told you so !
convention center officials in phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 1215000 people in 4000 code room
legal immigrants want border security it is common sense we must build a wall ! let's make america great again ! 
today i am standing with patriots in arizona for border security ! build a wall ! let's make america great again ! 
today i will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in arizona for border security ! let's make america great again ! 
 @ eugenescott :  i want people to come into the country let it be legal  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ gump6363 :  i always said i will not vote until i truly believe in a good leader you sir will get my vote !  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ franklemoine realdonaldtrump the competition tries to fake it till they make it trump the real deal !
 @ pg1493 realdonaldtrump i love what you want to do with this country ! !
 @ waynedupreeshow :  aren't u angry how the media has turned donaldtrump slam against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
 @ dannybo4455 :    @ hamishjoy mr trump i have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life i'm literally hanging on your every word
 @ thevotingvenue realdonaldtrump when fox  news  tries to push jeb on their viewers remind them of this article :  
 @ hamishjoy :  there's no republican field at all when the  @ realdonaldtrump is in play the others all kinda fade away trump2016
a strong military will stop wars peace through strength ! let’s make america great again ! 
“tone it down ? no way ! donald trump needs to crank up the volume” 
look forward to being in phoenix tomorrow at 2 : 00  pm  hottest ticket in entire country was supposed to be 500 people now many thousands !
 @ mitestarossa please follow  @ realdonaldtrump we already know what all the other politicians will do  # trump2016   # makeamericagreatagain
lauramassive crowd had to move to phoenix convention center 
i want to  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ alarae37  @ realdonaldtrump keep speaking truth ! there are many of us who want america great again ! thank you !
 @ k pm ck63 stay the course mr trump ! it's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't  # truth
exclusive — donald trump on the gop primary :  ‘if i win i will beat hillary’ 
true thanks  
 @ tommyz63  @ reince let trump speak he is only saying what the rest of us including you already know  # illegals are a huge problem !
thanks 
 @ rdbrewer4 trump :  keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate  you're pissing off all the right people in the gop
why does a failed magazine like  @ forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense ? their circulation way down  @ clareoc
 @ gomrunner  @ realdonaldtrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the rnc !  you are correctly presenting what people want
watched chief negotiator for iran on  @ charlierose last night he is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk !
 @ sharneal  @ ericbolling  @ thefive  a lot of us support trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
 @ joshbishop  @ ppppolls  gop or dem you have to love trumps blunt honesty so many things wrong most won't point out borders big problem
totally false reporting on my call with  @ reince priebus he called me ten minutes said i hit a “nerve doing well end !
 @ rossmahan1952 realdonaldtrump  @ krauthammer like harry truman you tell them the truth and they think it's hell give em hell donald
jeb's brother george insisted on a $100000 fee and $20000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets not nice !
do you believe that highly overrated political pundit   @ krauthammer said this is the best republican field in 35 years what a dope !
 @ jimlibertarian  @ ronsirak  @ golfchannel donald our forefathers would be proud of you you are displaying a love of country like reagan did
dear  @ maraliasson i greatly appreciate your fairness my history shows i never disappoint looking forward to meeting you soon
 @ militaryrosary  @ scully64   @ karlrove  @ gop most people like trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought
 @ kellikm   @ realdonaldtrump stay strong d  the last thing america needs is the same old politician
 @ ronsirak thank you for being so fair this morning on  @ golfchannel—greatly appreciated
we must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country a small business boom let’s make america great again ! 
must readit's time people listened to trump' says mother of gunneddown teenage football star 
wow ! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their  @ macys credit card that's great  # makeamericagreatagain !
 @ lolabigirl  i'm not sure why people are mad  @ realdonaldtrump he really speaks the truth sir i support you for  # president
 @ hallmarkm1  @ realdonaldtrump is the only presidential candidate that truly is fighting to  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ brainbowbite realdonaldtrump i agree with pat buchanan that you sir are a man of action ! thank you !
 @ thegre81 :    @ sentedcruz in addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to us
 @ davesbigwife :  @ macys i have a macy's store i used to love to shop at until they turned on americans  @ realdonaldtrump  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ absabella  mrtrump speaks the truth and will not back down ! that's why he will be our next president !  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ 2big2bereal realdonaldtrump donald i don't have to tell you  your doing something right
 @ shoegoddesss realdonaldtrump will definitely vote for you breath of fresh air america needs you !
flashback – jeb bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” 
 @ futureicon : donaldtrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fedup' american people
 @ thedemonking18 :  late night confessions :  i think donald trump would be a good president
 @ evarider :  ted cruz backs trump about securing the borders nothing has been done for decades 
 @ jackie4545890 realdonaldtrump good for you mr trump for speaking up for america you're the only one that's real
 @ futureicon gop trump is correct hear about a young woman who was shot to death in san francisco by a mexican who'd been deported 5 times
 @ peritustraining realdonaldtrump don't worry democrats donald will make america great again for you too 
 @ wizhether :  donaldtrump keep it up ! they're attacking you because they're afraid you're winning ! we who love our country have your back !
 @ mdavis22569   @ realdonaldtrump how is it possible  @ macys is having a 4th of july sale when it's against freedom of speech ?
 @ catisbetter666 realdonaldtrump i'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist obama
 @ kmoriconi realdonaldtrump waiting for the day we can call you mr president !
 @ tsac :  i'm probably going to vote for  @ realdonaldtrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind and half of america agrees
 @ markg0077 nebonnie  @ realdonaldtrump but still we put our trust in  @ mittromney and he failed us
 @ frankieemtb realdonaldtrump you have my vote already ! we don't need another obama it's time for someone who knows how to lead !
 @ nanaelaine7 :  i can't wait for your inauguration ! the beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants make america great again thanks
 @ sharneal :  any conservative candidate who disses donaldtrump's stand on illegals will not get my votehe stands for us first over illegals
 @ airforce2100 macys this 4th of july lets also remember the thousands of american citizens killed by illegals 
 @ mariclaire81 justdoit377  @ realdonaldtrump  @ marcorubio i do not yet who i will vote for but can assure you it will not be rubio
 @ usclarry :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics border security economy and national defense
happy 4th of july to everyone !  make america great again !
 @ roparsons realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends it is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone mr trump you have my vote !
 @ mikescintoshow :  this is why we need  @ realdonaldtrump he tells it like it is ! 
 @ marcorubio what do you say to the family of kathryn steinle in ca who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border ? stand up for us
my heartfelt condolences to the family of kathryn steinle very very sad !
 @ biggstory realdonaldtrump is not a politician he's the leader that america needs
 @ davidrwoods realdonaldtrump is 100 correct ! you have so far made the most sacrifice ! thankfully
 @ pizzapartyben realdonaldtrump thank you for standing up for america let's make this country great again !
 @ seanbarakett realdonaldtrump id rather have a businessman in the white house than a politician you’ve got my vote
 @ jamesartherton realdonaldtrump full respect from a british guy i wish i could vote for you ! trump for president !
 @ kobuck12 realdonaldtrump donald trump runs to help america become great again you know he's not doing it to enrich himself like clinton
 @ iceman0921 :  i support  @ realdonaldtrump and i as well will no longer give my business to  @ macys   # trump2016  great !
 @ justthetruthtv wfinchner  @ realdonaldtrump  @ macys so ? how does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder ?
 @ frankdimauro realdonaldtrump keep speaking the truth the media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is  # trump2016
 @ kingrollinzonez realdonaldtrump never voted but your getting my vote
 @ theguhmantap realdonaldtrump you are next president usa make america great again !
 @ yeswecandeport realdonaldtrump  @ macys i am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him
 @ mellysmodern :  so ready for  @ realdonaldtrump to do this ! keep it up you've got 'em scared !
 @ michell33841372 :  donald keep speaking the truth ! the media has printed your words out of context you will make america great again !
 @ perryjames778 :    @ highlander6700  @ macys the media loves to twist words and so do the politicians  @ realdonaldtrump will set it straight !
 @ clew136 : donaldtrump your charisma confidence leadership and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs  # trump2016
 @ margie352 highlander6700  @ macys they were taken out of context trying to make him look bad to the american hispanic community
new orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  
 @ neilecollins   @ macys  only interested in sales and could care less about america veterans and military will be with trump
 @ neilleon  @ realdonaldtrump sir ! thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues
 @ onesoldiersmom  @ artngonzalez  @ earredondo if you would listen to his words you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians
“nbc fires trump keeps sharpton :  the bigots of the nbc executive suite look the other way” 
 @ racheljoycowley i'm done with macy's apparently they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every american freedom done !
 @ anncoulter :  yes strange that trump is surging in the polls for saying what other gops too stupid to say 
 @ muirebtpnd realdonaldtrump you have lib media scramblingi just freak'n love that ! thank you for your leadership and patriotism !
 @ teresawageman realdonaldtrump  @ macys stick to your guns mr trump you are telling the truth that too many are afraid to
 @ ibleedcoffee :  just deleted the  @ macys app off my phone it's a shame we used to spend thousands there a year no more  # boycottmacys
 @ ftimewifenmomma :  i am really liking  @ realdonaldtrump we need someone who will tell the truth  ? ?
 @ davidahurd realdonaldtrump fight the good fight mr president trump ! you are the only one fighting for america !  # trump2016
 @ ehshaun realdonaldtrump knows what he's talking about please don't give us another bush as president
 @ johnriverstoo :    @ instapundit macy's sales are declining their stock is downgraded  maybe not the best time to spit on half of america
who is  @ macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place ? paid big fine !
interesting that  @ macys criticized me but just paid $650000 in fines for racial profiling are they racists ?
 @ governorpataki was a terrible governor of ny one of the worst  would’ve been swamped if he ran again !
 @ phxladydi   @ realdonaldtrump i truly believe you can bring america back to great  you don't cowerto the media lobbyists or anyone else
 @ tixxannatrix  @ lrihendry :  now this is the  @ realdonaldtrump we have come to know  at least trump speaks his mind doesn't cower to pc
get ready for  @ oreillyfactor tonight at 8 always interesting !
my just filed lawsuit against univision always fight back when right  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ webster07  @ realdonaldtrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude it's only way 2 defeat political correctness
 @ tedcruz now i know you're smart ! see you soon 
 @ yankeeworshiper  thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe inleave the bsand lies for hillary and barack
 @ figlo7  @ realdonaldtrump apologize to the press for not being a politician  because you haven't learned to lie yet go donald !
 @ wildmanbs it says a lot about  @ nbc when they fire  @ realdonaldtrump but keep brian williams and  @ thereval on the payroll  # tcot
 @ kingjersey1  @ realdonaldtrump  # makeamericagreatagain they can't stand that you are speaking for the american people
 @ kristencward :  great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say gotmyvote 
 @ chipb :  like him or not  @ realdonaldtrump says exactly what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush and that's admirable  # election2016
 @ echump megynkelly   @ realdonaldtrump if what everyone says is true trump will score huge if this is for publicity i'd trust trump
 @ rickysplace1 realdonaldtrump  @ slucch24  @ anncoulter it is so blatantly obvious ! why do people refuse to see it ?
 @ knight276 realdonaldtrump  @ amstaffbru i have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive trump can make america great again !
 @ kristywillams79 realdonaldtrump i've waited years for you to run for president ! you are going to fix america ! we need a businessman
 @ amstaffbru :  pull out the heavy artillery buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet youmtt have my vote hands down
via  @ jnsworld news  by  @ jacobkamarasjns :   donald trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to israel
 @ malachinorris :  just over a year before everyone hears donaldtrump say i donald trump do solemnly swear that i will protect america
 @ hollyammon realdonaldtrump  @ malachinorris mr trump is the only one who tells the truth no matter how politically unpopular it may be
 @ jjhrkel realdonaldtrump don't ever back down from these clowns ! fight the good fight promise !
 @ malachinorris :  i know  @ realdonaldtrump will be the best president that ever has or ever will walk into the oval office  # trump2016
 @ kevingalyon realdonaldtrump i support donald trump for president he is a great leader thank you
 @ keemstarx :  mexican criminals coming into usa ? yes did trump say we need to stop them ? yes did he say mexicans are good ? yes racism ? no
 @ jorgeramos news  please send me your new number your old one’s not working sincerely donald j trump
 @ nydaily news  the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown mort zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because i sell my honor but it is dead !
see story in fusion and huff post about rape at the border beyond terrible ! isn't fusion owned by univision ?
 @ knight276 realdonaldtrump  @ hcannonball not being a career politician is an asset i'm on board trump can make america great again
 @ incorrectpoliti :  oh my are they starting to wake up make america great again ! we must save america elect  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ usplaymoney :  donaldtrump  @ benybenson he would be a leader because he is used to being the boss wont be bought like politicians either
 @ mjh811 realdonaldtrump  @ oatestom you are the only one with guts we need that ! have my vote !  great
 @ oatestom realdonaldtrump congrats on running ! you tell it like it iswhich is rare
 @ davidco71875026 realdonaldtrump  @ govtstheproblem you say what the working people are thinking proud to support you don't back down  !
 @ bucwaas realdonaldtrump please get elected ! be the next reagan ! you can do it ! thanks !
 @ johnmarzan rubennavarrette trump is right giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the gop and turn dems into dominant party
 @ govtstheproblem :  the appeal of donald trump to people is that he's a fighter not a republican surrender monkey
 @ rtoneff25 realdonaldtrump just kicked ass on fox  news  guy is a winner  thank you !
 @ chrisd2 realdonaldtrump go get em ! how does it feel to be the next potus ?  # trump2016 thanks for the spirit !
 @ tonyewen reaganworld  @ realdonaldtrump is the real deal ! when was the last time we had someone with true conviction for us ?
 @ bass705 realdonaldtrump thank you mrtrump for standing up for america my great honor !
if i win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike bush's appointee john roberts on obamacare
once again the bush appointed  supreme court justice john roberts has let us down jeb pushed him hard ! remember !
 @ jwcesare   i appreciate  @ realdonaldtrump and his straight talk  our country needs this
 @ tarahollyfigure realdonaldtrump we are counting on you mr trump i believe you are the answer to  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ danielamarino fox news  enough with  # bush  # clinton and the same faces every damn year we need fresh new ppl that r not greedy one
 @ whoopigoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than nicole wallace who doesn't have a clue the show is close to death !
just out the new nationwide  @ fox news  poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind jeb bushbut bush will never make america great again !
 @ laurenharding realdonaldtrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked me included  # trump2016  cute
 @ barbgee68 realdonaldtrump excellent ! i still can't believe voters have jeb in front of you haven't americans learned anything ?  no !
 @ neilyoung’s song “rockin’ in the free world” was just one of 10 songs used as background music didn’t love it anyway
for the nonbeliever here is a photo of  @ neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite 
my daughter ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester nh   # makeamericagreatagain !
the highly respected suffolk university poll just announced that i am alone in 2nd place in new hampshire with jeb bust bush in first
 @ cwilliamsrltr  @ realdonaldtrump  i am so happy you are running for president you have my vote
 @ wordgirlsmith  @ realdonaldtrump please keep telling all of america that jobs jobs jobs are important to us because you are right ! !
today i filed my statement of candidacy with the fec let's  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ troubic  i'm definitely voting for  @ realdonaldtrump i would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy !
 @ malachinorris :  donald j trump is the very definition of the american success story through trump we can bring back the american dream
 @ nojoed realdonaldtrump  @ karlrove karl why don't you sit this election cycle out we had enough losers to last us a life time true
 @ danaperino  have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me ? would you like to see it ?  @ ericbolling  @ kimguilfoyle
entrepreneurs :  brainpower is the ultimate leverage don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities
entrepreneurs :  be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally that's good business
who do you want negotiating for us ?  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ jordanspieth  great jobyou are a true champion ! see you soon
hillary clinton dominates the pack in fake twitter followers 
 @ sovadjeast  the usa is like wollman rink or ferrypoint before djt you came you saw and built a masterpiece now it's the usa' s turn
 @ deneenborelli  thank you for your nice wordsgreatly appreciated
sadly i will no longer be doing  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00 am on mondays this is because i am running for president and law prohibits love !
 @ jessyandcandy :  trump  you got my vote with your proven resume os success people would be nuts not to vote for you trump2016
 @ sallyvp realdonaldtrump mr trump tell america they are fired ! bring some respect and balls back to the usa
 @ isaacnewyorker :  i said when trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earthwhen he winsall americans will be  # trump16
 @ alaskangypsy :    @ fox news   @ seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is !
 @ bdckool :  i do believe that trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration  # trump2016
 @ jpjac realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  why is it that fox loved you until you declared as a candidate  good question !
 @ karlrove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd amendment i thought  @ fox news  was going to fire that jerk after his romney fiasco ?
the great mike wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son chris wallace of  @ fox news  mike was a total pro !
 @ martharaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on this week  @ gstephanopoulos should not allow this conduct !
 @ candythomas3583 realdonaldtrump i tend to vote for democratic candidates but i feel excited about you in the presidential race  ? ?
 @ karlrove who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race said i'm not a candidate until i file papers next week karl !
 @ nishantagg23 :  donald trump is the only hope for a crumbling american economy hope my american friends choose trump
 @ riggs101 :  carl icahn :  donald trump is completely correct that we are in a bubble like you've never seen before
 @ senzulean :  america should be so lucky to have  @ realdonaldtrump even consider leading our nation thank you
 @ teaalliance realdonaldtrump  @ bobbyb news  the establishment fears trump ! they are afraid to make america great again
 @ bobbyb news  :  the only person running for president that will not betray america  for money is donald trump fox is cutting him downreagan !
why did  @ danaperino beg me for a tweet endorsement when her book was launched ?
almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool icahn black zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt !
 @ llambert0207 i've always said the country needs to be run like a major corporation it takes a brilliant businessman  # power  # donaldtrump
 @ williamonlyrent  why is government run by politicians ? it's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully !  # trump2016
just watched brian williams on  @ todayshow  very sad ! brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at  @ msnbc stop apologizing
 @ chaddryann :  keep doing what you're doing ! you're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before !  # trump2016
 @ holyselena realdonaldtrump you are such a bright man you have my vote ! !
 @ elizwatkins realdonaldtrump so how many more days until you are in office ?  # presidenttrump  # letstalkbusiness
 @ justinborges1 trump 4 presidenthas a nice ring to it about time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns
watch my appearance on  @ morningjoe  great interview ! 
we need someone with experience to rebuild america  # makeamericagreatagain 
 @ gabigayle  @ fox news   @ realdonaldtrump he doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it !  go donald !
 @ ericbolling in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on  @ apprenticenbc ! keep up the great work
dear  @ kimguilfoyle thank you so much for your nice words today on  @ thefive will not be forgotten ! in iowa now packed house !
i am officially running for president of the united states  # makeamericagreatagain 
make sure to follow me on  @ periscopeco i will be streaming my announcement at 11am
it is almost time i will be making a major announcement from  @ trumptowerny at 11am follow on social media !  # makeamericagreatagain
thanks 
 @ jaketapper :  donaldtrump in iowa says i have a gucci store that's worth more money than romney fact check :  true 
 @ jarodpitmon10 :  i am a full supporter of  # trump2016  @ realdonaldtrump is a guy that will help this country
 @ rhumeey :  i really would want to see what america would look likewith  @ realdonaldtrump at the helm of affairs 
 @ rgradical99 :  counting down the hours to  @ realdonaldtrump announcement ! ready for america to become great again supporting you mr trump
 @ brentcfritz :  today is the day america becomes great again  @ realdonaldtrump has some huge  news  that will shock the world  # trump4president
 @ realjoemurray :  hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make america great again ! looking forward to it  @ realdonaldtrump  # trump2016
great ! 
thanks  
 @ durandsentinus  @ jebbush may get headlines today but  @ realdonaldtrump will dominate  news  for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow
great ! 
thanks  
 @ subdoc101 : trump said on  @ foxandfriends today ppl are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be  # potus the answer is  # trumpcares
 @ looneytunes002 :  politicians are not going to get us out of this mess they are all talk  # simpletruth  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ zstr8up :  after the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with reagan ? hollywood the donald may have a serious chance  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ futuristichub realdonaldtrump i'd vote twice for you if i could actually i can ! on your second term as president ! go get em' mr trump !
 @ knight276 :  being a great president requires great negotiating skills trump a master negotiator can make america great again true !
 @ snurk realdonaldtrump you are the man ! you are the only one of substance real deal never bull or hot air  # makeamerciagreatagain !
 @ veryodddog realdonaldtrump trump trump  you are the only one america needs right now the only one who can save amercia god bless u sir
 @ mirrorgrrl :  truly great men come along only once a genration donaldtrump is that man has it all gentle wisdomfierce biz savvyiq wow !
 @ purpleheartwife realdonaldtrump you have some military caregivers in fl ready to back you !  @ sherrimarie73 thanks call corey
 @ doomsdayfan :  please run ! i'm with you till the end ! everyone who wants to  # makeamericangreatagain is ! vote for trump/2016 ! god bless
 @ daremagic :  lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit ! the only person to do that is donaldtrump  # trump2016
 @ hogan211 realdonaldtrump i have had it with career politicians you will have my vote mr trump nobody owns you !
 @ jrmcclaren :    @ purpleheartwife had it with politicians they never solve problems just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist  # trump2016
 @ woodrowwinters  @ realdonaldtrump pumped for tuesday the road to getting american back starts next week thanks
should not passbad deal ! 
thanks 
entrepreneurs :  focus on your goals not on fixed patterns do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear
entrepreneurs :  don’t sell yourself short don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best
looking for father's day gift ?  @ miamimagazine named the spa  @ trumpdoral one of the best places for men to relax 
 @ ekspindler  @ realdonaldtrump  @ bellaxbionda go get em donald ! enough with the pc crap tell it like it is and actually fix problems
thanks 
thanks  
thank you  @ crainschicago for featuring  @ trumpchicago in your list of best private dining rooms in chicago 
entrepreneurs :  take responsibility for yourself it’s a very empowering attitude
our  @ trumpnewyork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their  # wellness program as seen in  @ tandcmag :  
 @ matthewladzik the golden rule of negotiating :  he who has the gold makes the rules  @ realdonaldtrump great read  # midastouch  # thankyou
thank you  @ crainschicago for featuring  @ trumpchicago in your list of best private dining rooms in chicago 
 @ liberty4uanme  @ ladypatriot777  @ rushlimbaugh  got to do something though ! too many times they lied to us for some reason i trust trump
via the new york times 
 @ ladypatriot777  @ realdonaldtrump i think he's worth a very serious look he speaks boldly like reagan and is/was a big fan of reagan !
trump turnberry is a spectacular placeand home to four of the greatest open championships of all time 
 @ cevazzulia :  you have to think anyway so why not think big ? donald trump so true !
loved doing  # ncgopconvention keynote speech last night ! unbelievable reception had the biggest crowds by far of any of the gop candidates
will be doing  @ foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7am et from europe
 @ jeffjeffsc777 :  mr trump can speak the difference he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own !
 @ abraham :  my only regret is that there isn't 3 donaldtrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest most handsome man in the world ! cute
 @ abrahaml1nx :  isis would already be on ice if  @ realdonaldtrump was the president we need you sir  # mymantrump2016
just said at  # ncgopcon that i'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors ! no special interest would control me if i were in office
just introduced at  # ncgopcon as the country's highest paid speaker told the record crowd of 650 i am to be speaking here for free !
going to north carolina to make keynote speech  sold out crowd !
 @ viksquad realdonaldtrump you are the man for the job
 @ cdgrafics greta  @ realdonaldtrump i'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the bill clintons he knows business and con men
 @ thebingle greta  @ realdonaldtrump will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer imo
 @ stlblonde :  i believe  no i know that  @ realdonaldtrump would be a better president than hillaryclinton
trump international golf club turnberry scotland  home to four of the greatest open championships of all time 
dummy political pundit  @ krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in iraq many lives and trillions of dollars wasted us got nothing !
 @ justariot66 realdonaldtrump no bs donald if you run i'm in pa you will get my vote for sure
 @ delna42 :  donaldtrump you're going to be the greatest president this country has ever seen i hope you win  # trump2016  # commanderinchief
 @ blueyesbeauty realdonaldtrump  # trump2016 epic things will be done ! he will make the changes that we need !
standing room only in mason city iowa ! thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters ! 
 @ 123jayne realdonaldtrump i have just one question pleasewill you be running for president 2016 ? we really need you !
 @ alexwjmilne realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you there in the tar heel state !  # trump2016
“fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often” – tom brady  @ superbowl  @ patriots
excited to be returning to the  @ ncgop state convention as the keynote of saturday’s dinner !  @ ncgop is a strong conservative state party !
bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the american dream it’s time for a bold new direction ! 
 @ mjosephsheppard :  sound the trumpets for a trump 2016 presidential run hear what he has to say  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ sebufrick :  after watching 2h trump interviews i came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016  # trump2016  #  ?
 @ tradingforex24 :  sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make donald trump 0306 07 : 45
 @ patzann66  @ realdonaldtrump time for usa to get back on track trump for president
 @ dxkelley bobontcn does mister runyan think that donald trump would make a good president or a great president ? great
 @ masterbaxter8 realdonaldtrump awaiting your response on june 16 you would be the best ever
 @ mikegallagher24 realdonaldtrump check out what a great quarterback you once were with jim kelly many years ago 
 @ amypardue realdonaldtrump  @ puppyslug please sir run we need america back you can do this a true believer
 @ thatxystkid :  i honestly believe that  @ realdonaldtrump would make a great president  thank you
“the constitution is the guide which i never will abandon”  george washington
 @ zacdunnn2  my summer would be made if donald trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign we need trump ! june 16th ! !
jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television a wiseguy with no talent not smart but convinces dopes he is ! fading out fast
 @ pacsgirl36 realdonaldtrump run  we need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician !  ! !
 @ entreprenershp :  as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway think big – donald trump
 @ wsjpolitics :  donald trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a gop debate but carly fiorina and lindsey graham would be out
 @ seppblatterp :  i love my time at  @ trumpcollection ! the staff handle my valuables with utmost care i always come away greatly satisfied !
 @ cshepler realdonaldtrump this trooper needs you to run 
 @ jsilva74366572 :    @ nicksibrodi vote for trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis china lobbyists and everyone else
 @ amazechristianl realdonaldtrump are you happy with current polls ? congrats on the success so far
 @ nicksibrodi realdonaldtrump  can't america wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country  # trumpforprez
 @ realbrockdriver :  would give anything for  @ realdonaldtrump to run for president ! if there's anyone who can fix our country it's him ! !
 @ jrmcclaren realdonaldtrump stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him probably true but it's fun to expose the overrated !
 @ joffcallaghan :  not sure why i didn't follow  @ realdonaldtrump before now seems like something i should have done ages ago
 @ kissangel864 realdonaldtrump  @ jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
 @ jsilva74366572 realdonaldtrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin people please wake up
 @ jollygoodman181 realdonaldtrump the don is our guy the man who will set things straight donald trump for president
jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television a wiseguy with no talent not smart but convinces dopes he is ! fading out fast
“confidence is contagious so is lack of confidence”  vince lombardi
“ @ trumpferrypoint was something we’ve been working on for years and donald trump got it to the finish line”   @ rubendiazjr
entrepreneurs :  getand keepyour momentum going without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
 @ elvisduranshow thanks for calling in  @ realdonaldtrump always a pleasure to chat with you !  # elvisontopoftheworld and my pleasure thanks
i had a fantastic time with  @ jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great  @ trumpferrypoint watch the video 
common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum department of education should be disbanded not expanded focus on local education
“get some face time in the spa at  @ trumplasvegas” 
 @ ginajargirl realdonaldtrump  @ ravenclaw2 please please run ! this country is going down the drain and it can't continue
 @ meltsch fox news insider  @ realdonaldtrump  @ greta i agree with this man in every way  too bad more americans don't wake up 
 @ mmvaletservicez :  i wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living i was looking to make a statement” – donald trump
 @ oefoif0506 realdonaldtrump  @ puppyslug   runtrump kick their a and get it on the right track
 @ bmckenna38 realdonaldtrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time  true
 @ neciewelch realdonaldtrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it ! do it   # trump2016
 @ sandraboag realdonaldtrump hopefully our future first lady  she would be amazing !
 @ bobby990r1 realdonaldtrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy ! america is waiting for him to lead us out of this mess !
 @ hokie6 fox news   @ realdonaldtrump the art of the deal in action there's a pinch of reagan in there  thank you
 @ howardjax50 :  bush and obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in america !
 @ ginajargirl realdonaldtrump  @ ravenclaw2 please please run ! this country is going down the drain and it can't continue
 @ meltsch fox news insider  @ realdonaldtrump  @ greta i agree with this man in every way  too bad more americans don't wake up 
 @ ravenclaw2 realdonaldtrump you're right mr trump i am fed up with politicians ! we need you to lead america and make our nation great
 @ wendyb5372 greta  @ realdonaldtrump i love mr trump's honesty we need an honest and passionate leader and fire the rest !
 @ danscire  @ realdonaldtrump hi mr trump i was at the new ferry point golf club today and it is beautiful !  thanks enjoy !
 @ ashbakali :  sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure donald trump
 @ bluewaterdays :  would rather have a dynamic experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office donaldtrump
 @ mitnasty33 realdonaldtrump politicians and diapers must be changed often and for the same reason  mark twain  so true
 @ 2014vince realdonaldtrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bushobama mess wow it can be done !
 @ nityalal realdonaldtrump you should be president ! i believe in you  # trump2016  thanks
 @ alexx4111 realdonaldtrump i don't even live in the states but i would still vote for you trump4president
 @ vincefox73 :  donaldtrump  @ dnorrell  @ judgenap  @ freedomlives999 which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done
 @ jeniferstevens trumpferrypoint no one builds a golf course better than you played trump ireland and scotland as well as us thanks jen !
 @ dnorrell judgenap  @ freedomlives999 donaldtrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says all the rest all talk
 @ papaouch tomevans1972  @ realdonaldtrump iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out
 @ anncoulter's new book adios america ! the left's plan to turn our country into a third world hellhole is a great read good job !
 @ aleshaxo realdonaldtrump now that just put a smile on my face !  ? ? keeping the faith that you will run  # trump2016
 @ kenbu1 realdonaldtrump waiting to hear you will run for president in 2016  watch
 @ robertpatrickmc governorpataki didnt shine as governor in nys why would he become president of the united states  @ realdonaldtrump true !
 @ rosannascotto :  coming up  @ realdonaldtrump on  # gdny talking about his new golf course in the bronx ! what else is on your mind ?
 @ jkapper15 realdonaldtrump please deeply consider running for office cannot think of a better candidate  # trump2016  thanks
 @ sunshinekhali realdonaldtrump  @ rtesta o personally i think you would be a great president for our country  # leadership
 @ girlcanthelpit :  donaldtrump  everyone wants you to run why don't you ? you would be perfect president donald trump has a good ring to it
 @ robertoag415 :  economicallydonaldtrump is what america needsi dont know if he's running or not but i'm voting donald trump for president
 @ vinnie109 walkerlaflin  @ katie0303 we need  @ realdonaldtrump to run and we would be good
 @ persdevquotes :  « i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present   donald trump
 @ thehill :  donald trump on mexico :  i would build a wall like nobody can build a wall 
 @ tdgtom realdonaldtrump we can't get you in the wh fast enough the drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood  watch
 @ tdgtom realdonaldtrump we can't get you in the wh fast enough the drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood go get 'em !
 @ belllabooo13 :    @ foxandfriends loved all you had to say today ! so true all of it ! that's what we need to hear truth ! you give me hope ! !
 @ aplemonlemon realdonaldtrump i enjoyed hearing you again this memorial day  ! i am partial to you  trustworthy american
 @ belllabooo13 realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is ! god bless you and yours ! !
 @ 05fxdli realdonaldtrump as usual great pinpointed analysis of the world situation i enjoy your frankness and honesty  thanks
 @ bamayorgo1 realdonaldtrump would be better then jeb bush  by a whole lot !
 @ hobowill realdonaldtrump you are convincing me more and more  that's good  news  !
 @ dfberger23 :  wait  @ realdonaldtrump is really running for president ? just saw his campaign site !
 @ bhliberty  @ realdonaldtrump i will look forward to your debate performance ! i believe this country could use a leader like you ! good luck !
audience chanting run trump run ! during my my  @ srqrepublicans speech ! they are going to be very happy
i said don't invade iraq from the very beginning  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
just received huge applause when i said berghdal should be sent back to afghanistan !  @ srqrepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd
looking forward to receiving 2015 statesman of the year award tonight by  @ srqrepublicans a record 2000 sell out 
 @ jpwv64  @ fox news insider  @ megynkelly i am with you mr trump ! i want to make america great again it can be ! our spirit is not broken
 @ mbabramson  @ realdonaldtrump  @ fox news insider  @ megynkelly is always nice to listen to you because you answer and not dodge the questions !
flashback :  “nyers were grateful when donald trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the wollman rink” 
 @ mansfieldra :  the q is will the  @ realdonaldtrump run for president ? we shall wait and see  @ fox news  just watch !
 @ carrillopete make america great again we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation we need  # donaldtrump2016
 @ roadrunnerkd :  mr trump you are the most qualified candidate this nation needs your leadership experience and wisdom  # trump2016
 @ gappistanradio :  all it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing  @ realdonaldtrump you have to run !  # trump2016
 @ kissangel864 realdonaldtrump  @ kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track go ahead and run for pres
 @ pri had a dream that  @ realdonaldtrump was potus and  @ warrenbuffett was vp our country was finally debt free too bad it was only a dream
 @ kneehighspy :   mr trump keep us informed of your presidential bid we really need some help out here for the common folk !  # trump2016
 @ yankeerunnerlv : whether you run or notpraying u do your getting my votei am writing you in if you don't runyour our best hope  # trump16
 @ lunarkismet15 champforr  @ megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to wharton business school
 @ lunarkismet15 realdonaldtrump  @ champforrest  @ megynkelly i cant wait to see you on gregs new show ! you get my vote
 @ kirstenpowers  new book is excellent and so true ! congrats !
 @ thomastullos10 realdonaldtrump said he would build a wall on the southern border got my vote ! !
 @ gameanew realdonaldtrump count me in ! anything i can do to help  # trump2016
 @ marryyy realdonaldtrump was right correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
 @ andybran realdonaldtrump  @ megynkelly great job mr trump ! i will be 100 in your corner if you choose to make america great again !
 @ cornwhisky megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump pretty much says it like it is
 @ dnorrell :    @ megynkelly shame on megyntrump has more exp than all the candidates combinedhes the only 1 2 turn this thing around true !
signing the facebook wall 
 @ megynkelly  will be on fox now watch and enjoy !
i will be interviewed on  @ megynkelly's the kelly file tonight be sure to watch on   @ fox news  !
our country has tremendous potential together we can fix washington let’s make america great again ! 
looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 statesman of the year’ by  @ srqrepublicans this thursday a record 2000 attendeescan't wait !
i now see john kasich from ohio who is desperate to run is using my line “make america great again” typical pol no imagination !
 @ mrsbatie :    @ veryodddog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
 @ doomsdayfan realdonaldtrump president trump  has a nice ring to it trump2016  thank you
 @ aerielles realdonaldtrump is the key to success  thanks
wow so nice and so true thank you !  @ notthatactor realdonaldtrump  # trump2016 time to rethink the choices 
 @ greenhousegrown realdonaldtrump  @ drodell76 your my only hope if you bow out then i am not voting for anyone else keep the faith !
 @ traapgawddd realdonaldtrump kick obamas ass and run for president already
 @ drodell76 :  have never voted in a presidential election but when i do  @ realdonaldtrump will get my vote !  # trump4president
 @ tendraftsdeep realdonaldtrump get it on and get this nation back kick ass
 @ bijobijo realdonaldtrump run for president clear cut stop the nonsense of current fools
 @ tbiarmywife :  thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the  # hiddenheroes proud to be a texas fellow  @ dolefoundation
 @ jsilva74366572 realdonaldtrump cant wait til your anouncment  you have my vote  lets make america great again
 @ islesfan83 realdonaldtrump i hope you run america needs it badly
“actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny”   – harry s truman
entrepreneurs :   be tough be smart be personable   but don't take things personally that's good business
our debt finances china’s military it's time to get tough – we hold all the cards let’s make america great again ! 
“trump :  i created tens of thousands of jobs” 
remember when jeb gave hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of benghazi ? ! 
congrats to  @ greggutfeld on his new  @ fox news  show ! greg makes great tv and is a terrific guy
 @ richardlewis realdonaldtrump mr trump you could become the best potus of all time your business scorecard speaks for itself thanks
 @ littlevd23 oreillyfactor donaldtrump if mr trump runs and becomes the next president you can rest assure he would address them swiftly !
 @ pdigiore1 realdonaldtrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president thank you !
 @ islesrbyanksfan :  politicians are all talk and no action lets make america great again mr trump for the sake of america please run
gallup finds des moines iowa has the highest community pride 765 of any large city congrats and i agreei love the place !  @ desmoines
 @ fackinpeter   @ realdonaldtrump im ready for u to make america great again
 @ somegirl71  @ realdonaldtrump look forward to hearing you every monday on  @ foxandfriends you are exactly what this country needs ! !
 @ rsherfy realdonaldtrump  @ macresslertech  @ taylorj0103 mr trump i would vote for you we need to make america great again
 @ amieesurratt :  love it ! i hope you do run :  we need a change sir  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ tokindaddy foxandfriends  @ realdonaldtrump brian don't try take trump on with your wit he got you beat hands down ! brian is terrific
 @ monty3251 realdonaldtrump can't wait til june mr president millions are waiting for you to make this country great again
 @ belllabooo13 foxandfriends donald like it is ! you continue to give us hope ! this country needs you ! looking forward to june god bless !
 @ littlevd2 km  @ fox news  really not surprisingmr trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
 @ bombasticsigma :  can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ dcfoodsafety :   mr trump  when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates ?  # trump2016  stay tuned
marco rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with chris wallace  @ fox news  concerning our invading iraqhe was as clueless as jeb
jeb bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded iraqhe is so confusednot presidential material !
 @ loveb4youdie :  waiting for  @ realdonaldtrump to announce for president tired of all these posers  stay tuned
 @ shawshank5 realdonaldtrump  @ aj13hulton why not run for president ? you are the best for america and the world
 @ thekerikgroup :  here are 14 reasons why  @ realdonaldtrump is running and doing well :  
 @ bsticklen realdonaldtrump at your place in chicago love it ! 
 @ jnakes77 realdonaldtrump we love u too mr trump even though u make us mad sometimes  cute !
 @ lauraabokhair realdonaldtrump you could change this country around ! true and thanks !
 @ billrancic  bill fantastic job this morning on  @ foxandfriends  you are a total winner and i am proud of yod.c.irst apprentice champ !
 @ skeeterspinello : trump might be the the smartest business man alivebut it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
 @ jsilva74366572 durandsentinus  us infrastructure is seriously deficient  antrump is the only one talking about it  ! lets go trump  ! !
 @ jdrago28 :  it was such an honor to meet  @ realdonaldtrump today in new hampshire ! what a great man !  # nh  # business 
 @ gappistanradio :  jeb bush marco rubio ted cruz are not the answers america needs trump to send hillary packing and make usa great again !
 @ str8hustling realdonaldtrump donald you would have fired jeb bush a long time ago on the apprentice  true !
 @ ogreuasshole realdonaldtrump i can't wait to see you destroy hillary in a debate !  we must win and make america great again !
 @ williamgardanis realdonaldtrump if anyone in the gop field was sincere they would endorse donald j trump to make america great again
who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against tom brady ? sue them tom and make lots of $  @ nfl
you can be an  @ nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended yet with no evidence  @ nfl targeted tom brady bs !
needed :  leaders who negotiate smart trade dealsonly one knows the art of the deal let’s make america great again ! 
looking forward to touring the  @ sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow ! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us !  # gunrights  # tcot
 @ ajbruno14 thanks old post office is hidden treasure worth the time to visit !  it will be fantastic !
i am the best builder just look at what i've built hillary can't build republican candidates can't build they don't have a clue !
 @ biffdiddle realdonaldtrump this is why we need a real leader in the white house  # trump2016
 @ wilykayote  @ lentoddwor  i hope the don throws his hat in the ring for potus he can't be bought !  he said this country is going to hell
i was proud to be one of ronald reagan's earliest supporters like reagan it's time to make america great again !
one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is chris cillizza of the washington post  @ thefix moron hates my poll numbers
 @ delonte3ast :  tom brady is about to win the next 5 super bowls and visit  @ realdonaldtrump in the white house very cool !
they had no definitive proof against tom brady or  # patriots if hillary doesn't have to produce emails why should tom ? very unfair !
government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives” – president ronald reagan
great shot by  @ kingjames yesterday lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure
 @ justnise realdonaldtrump my man has never voted in an election said he would vote for trump for president
denzel washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend from the heart !
i will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00 this morning plenty to talk about !
 @ statonflurry :  looking forward to hearing  @ realdonaldtrump speak saturday night in iowa see you there  record breaking crowd !
happy  # mothersday to all the great mothers out there ! 
big crowds standing ovations in south carolina  make america great again !
 @ 4kmiddlebrook realdonaldtrump has been stimulating cities all over the world plowing through political bs his whole life  # trump2016
 @ hdfxdx01 realdonaldtrump are you announcing your run for president ? you are americas last hope ! stay tuned !
 @ stephaniekrista realdonaldtrump thankyou i hope you are running for potus ! got my vote !
 @ therealtmac11 florianooke  @ toxmaster  @ nra bc the elephants are so many the safari club pays for water wells to keep them alive
 @ lynneleach realdonaldtrump you can make us great by running for potus ! you have my vote a million times over  ? ?
 @ nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight  played like champions !
 @ vctr67 realdonaldtrump mr trump please run and save this country from going to hell you got my vote thanks
 @ klo211  @ foxandfriends  @ kilmeade  @ realdonaldtrump  donald you keep saying you could fix this country ! that would be great then run ! !
 @ franklingraham :   great job on  @ foxandfriends this morning you beautifully stated what most people are thinking ! say hi to all
 @ shalontabowman :  without a doubt donaldtrump is the most logical choice for president you'd be the only competent candidate we need you !
 @ atmaxh :  please run  @ realdonaldtrump ! with your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track !  very true
 @ zrill realdonaldtrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest will you run ?  # trump2016  watch
 @ masterbaxter8 :  i want to see a man that's not a career politician in office america forgot what a great leader can do !  # fixtheusa
 @ tegodreaux :  you didnt build an empire on hope you built it on hard work and dedication balancing budgets and making profits run sir  !
 @ johnborntoride realdonaldtrump got my vote ! need a real leader n a business man ! no more corrupt politicians
 @ vandaman86 :  you have conquered so much in business your children will carry on your legacy now make america great again # trump2016
 @ rkornackipsu realdonaldtrump see you saturday in greenville sc to hear more ! great
 @ wwlood13 realdonaldtrump for president ! run and you got my vote
 @ valetasue57 realdonaldtrump dt please get in the race for president
 @ aacrowellt :    @ realdonaldtrump he is the best person for the job
 @ rushlvr1 :  rt   @ aacrowellt realdonaldtrump if you run for president im voting for you great i am dying for donald to run and win # 
 @ aacrowellt realdonaldtrump if you run for president im voting for you great
trump international golf club turnberry scotland has been home to four of the greatest open championships in history 
“there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty” – the iron lady margaret thatcher
follow  @ trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14 !
at the foot of whitestone bridge in the bronx  @ trumpferrypoint offers  fantastic views of the manhattan skyline  
i am thrilled to share that the trump home furniture collection by  @ doryainteriors just opened a new… 
there is incredible progress on the site of trump tower punta del este uruguay situated on the sands of playa brava 
 @ puppyslug realdonaldtrump  you will save this country no one can beat the stupdity bettor then you you are the man !  # 2016
 @ mortimerzilch realdonaldtrump  @ steveman905 we don't know if hil will get the dem nomination but donald gives me hope
 @ hgswiney :  time for  @ realdonaldtrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track !  # trump2016  ?
 @ joshgundle realdonaldtrump time we had a real president who gets things done cheers to the jfk of the 21st century !  # trump2016 cute !
 @ antonioannesi realdonaldtrump you have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country !  # trump2016 thanks
 @ thebutteryone realdonaldtrump oh god i agree with you
 @ peenerad realdonaldtrump it needs to be done donald these republican gop candidates just do not pass mustard  # trump2016 !  true !
 @ patmc454 :  donaldtrump quit lolly gagging ! announce you're running already ! we need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
 # maythe4thbewithyou here is when darth vader and i did some firing 
if elected i will undo all of obama’s executive orders i will deliver let’s make america great again ! 
congress was elected last november to reign obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the american worker !
 @ sfc17972 :  hearing yod.c. great way to start the week ! country needs true leadershiphope to see your name on the ballot foxandfriends
 @ davidsbaldwin realdonaldtrump will you still be on this hour  @ foxandfriends ? have been watching but nothing yet  yes 7 : 30
 @ ddeessm :  this planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome  @ realdonaldtrump in charge !  # donaldforpresident
 @ fackinpeter :  can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow hope u talk about how lame  # mayweatherpacquiao was  # trump2016
 @ gatorfan122752 realdonaldtrump please run for president we need you  stay tuned
 @ jlaudner :  republicans are working so my generation can achieve their american dream :  
 @ dillonjquinn realdonaldtrump how do i sign up to be a campaign volunteer ? !  you will be called !
 @ hillarysusans tedageejr people don't like it when  @ realdonaldtrump is right for whatever reason
 @ sparklebutt1947 realdonaldtrump  @ packerlegends yes and he will bring companies back to the us  true
 @ kerri59 realdonaldtrump  @ zgreekdwstyle please for real this time we need you do not worry
 @ natashaownfan realdonaldtrump  @ rockinjoe1 just let me know when we can start calling you president trump ok i can't wait  watch
 @ zgreekdwstyle realdonaldtrump please run for president and save us from the fools  stay tuned !
 @ scottfconroy :  kentucky derby ? more like kentucky losers ! donaldtrump is only horse in race that matters for america ! strong fierce noble
 @ lancebagley1 :  be boldand powerful forces will come to your aid but you know this trump we're waiting  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ natashaownfan rockinjoe1 i can't wait to find out yes or no mr trump is so brilliant great at business he can run the countrythanks
 @ tpgraf82 realdonaldtrump has never rushed into anything ! we will wait on you !  # trump2016
 @ puppyslug :  donaldtrump :  mayweather is gonna win just like you gonna win presdidency 2016 you r both winners who deliver knockouts !
 @ chuckiscool :  i work for bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur nj courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great !
 @ casehoag :  just spotted trump tower in  # chicago what a presence the building gives to the city ! props to  @ realdonaldtrump thank you
 @ coletonemr :  really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday thanks for coming to the woodlands !  ? ? ?  @ realdonaldtrump thanks
 @ canoetravel  also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in aberdeen no longer works  @ golfchannel
 @ pamrugani :  my hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference he said it was incredible ! here's his pic ! 
 @ robbymoreira realdonaldtrump if you became president we would immigrate to the united states of america for sure ! nice
 @ laurenthomasx3 realdonaldtrump i can't wait for your visit to greenville sc may 9th ! should be a fantastic event  great
 @ genyvette markus42  i'd vote for him if he were our candidate i'd go doortodo for him too i'd feel safe with him as president
 @ albo9 :    @ genyvette run run what are you waiting for ? lots of support out here in york pa willing to set up shop here for you
 @ jorgey11985 realdonaldtrump if you don't run then hilaryclinton will win and become president no good candidates on republicans side
entrepreneurs :  achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
why is noone talking about the horrible murder of ana charle by excon thug west spruill gunned down on street naked why no riots here ?
 @ amadorserver :  donaldtrump get in the race and shut down the opposition i'm ready for america to be great again  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ robertpatrick  @ foxbusiness saying the day trump declares mike wallace will take him seriously you mean chris mike was his great father
 @ fabeshai cbs news  donaldtrump the field looks very beatable for hillary donald should get in the race he is a true reagan republican
 @ jmiddleton7 realdonaldtrump please get in the drivers seat of this country !
 @ nicolledwallace is really hurting  @ theview she is boring predictable and has zero television it  show no longer has ratings dying !
 @ 615realjg :  donald trump is the only man that understands life right now thank you
 @ markpryceagee :  i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party  # trump16 i do also !
 @ ghostlyprep realdonaldtrump is amazing  ? you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him
 @ 1muskyhunter realdonaldtrump we need your leadership in this country now please enter the prez ring  
 @ staceylambright :  i had the pleasure of meeting  @ realdonaldtrump and hearing him speak a few times we need to see him on the 2016 ballot !
 @ drjackfriedman :  i'm so glad you are in it to win it america needs to turn a profit enough with clueless corrupt bonehead politicians
incredible handheld video of the las vegas strip in 1969 the skyline looks better with  @ trumplasvegas !  
met a big fan today ! 
 @ lynuscantwell :  the world is laughing obama is a joke no hillary the sequel run donald please we need no nonsense leadership
 @ jtruelove713 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president i will vote for the first time ever until then
 @ vanderpunked :  can we drop  @ realdonaldtrump off in the middle of  # baltimore so he can show obama how it's done ? i would fix it fast !
 @ eileenkelly14  @ wmur9  @ newengcollege  for those saying it's not crowded you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside
 @ woofeous  @ wmur9  @ newengcollege  business leaders such as donald could easily teach students more in onehour than in any semester
nobody but donald trump will save israel you are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns best !  # sheldonadelson
 @ ceovince :  there's only one person that can make this country what it once was and that person is  @ realdonaldtrump  # trump  # champion
 @ belllabooo13 realdonaldtrump thank you ! such a small thing but you make my day ! god bless you mr trump !  @ foxandfriends
 @ belllabooo13 foxandfriends  @ realdonaldtrump you always make monday's better ! keep telling the truth and giving us hope ! thanks
 @ blaynetroy foxandfriends   mr trump calls it like it is hrc should be investigated prosecuted and put in federal prison
 @ andybran foxandfriends all of the clinton graft is uncovered by a writer ? no agency tracks this type of theft ?out of control
 @ jodimae realdonaldtrump if you run for president you would receive my vote !
will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends  at 7 : 00  5 minutes then i head to new hampshire great people !
i will be interviewed by  @ judgejeanine tonight on  @ fox news   enjoy !
 @ pennypritzker really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements  that's where china and others are beating us best !
 @ williamgardanis realdonaldtrump to fix america requires superman but there is one better   djt  we must make america great again !
 @ jacksontweets realdonaldtrump you will cream hillary clinton in a debate ! i create jobs and build but should be able to do just fine !
 @ ravgames realdonaldtrump serious question mr trump :  why don't you like  @ jonahnro ? because he is not good at what he does @ nro dying
 @ nro  not much is as dead or irrelevant as national review thanks to guidance of goldberg a total loser ! get some real talent or fold !
 @ jgibson271985 realdonaldtrump  @ tsrowan i will give you that brilliant buildings in the trump empire thank you !
 @ wewantmitt2016 :  the last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from good for us  # makeamericagreatagain
 @ 316place realdonaldtrump  @ pgacom changes at turnberry makes me want to learn golf beautiful ! thank you it will be even more amazing !
congratulations to  @ danaperino on your book going to number one on amazon great book  great job !
 @ andrepretorius realdonaldtrump i am  # southafrican and i can say you are 100 correct lately we are starting to live in fear  # notgood
 @ ccarlen  @ realdonaldtrump get that exploratory committee to get some bumper stickers out to me ! so nice thank you
congrats to great golfer  @ frostpga on his big win last week always been best putter frost wins for trump
 @ futuristichub realdonaldtrump donald trump for president of the united states ! make it happen !
 @ laloquita realdonaldtrump working hard daily and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country ! !
 @ billymoeder realdonaldtrump is the only man who can get the job done in the oval office  # trump2016  i agree thanks
 @ jarrettmkorn :  all faith in the world that  @ realdonaldtrump is the answer for america come 2016 is a new beginning !  # donaldtrump2016
 @ apageor2  very good must be tough !
 # tbt with steven spielberg in the old days a great guy ! 
 @ amoakabr :  donaldtrump this country needs you to run need to teach people what the american dream is again ! ronald reagan reincarnated !
 @ antonioannesi realdonaldtrump no doubt you would fix our country if you ran for presidentdo us all a favor please !  # trump2016
 @ rightjj realdonaldtrump :  i've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on china ! nobody else dares to raise it !
 @ bigbrett45 realdonaldtrump mr trump your the man ! please run we need you ! watch
 @ soarmich realdonaldtrump  @ ex369ppd people can say what they want about donald but he is trustworthy  # truth thank you
 @ hep102309 :  we need a real man in washington with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues please restore america # trump2016
 @ ianarnold :  so  @ realdonaldtrump has an amazing hotel here in vegas blessed to stay here
 @ politicalhit realdonaldtrump can't wait for your official announcement that you are running  # potus2016 go trump go
china has a backdoor into the transpacific partnership this deal does not address currency manipulation china is laughing at us
republicans should not be giving obama fast track authority on trade the transpacific partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
no amnesty protect the rule of law ! let’s make america great again 
 @ chriscjackson realdonaldtrump your book opened my eyes i stand with sr trump ! america needs you to run !
 @ ellemae63 realdonaldtrump no surprise ! you are the man ! thank you !
 @ bane1349 realdonaldtrump can't wait til you enter the race mr trump wait till the fall after the others have beaten themselves up
i'm getting the commandant's leadership award from the usmarines tonight at the waldorf astoria  a great honor bretbaier
looking forward to keynoting  @ chesterfieldgop lincolnreagan gala this friday at the country club at the highlands sold out record crowd !
 @ thehill :  trump :  “if i decide to run and win i will make this country great again 
 @ rickyricardo722 realdonaldtrump i'd work like a dog to help trump get elected no politician can fix the mess in washington  # trump2016
 @ nro  @ jonahnro  wow just looked at the stats for national review dying fast doing very little business save this conservative voice !
 @ andrewwilkie85 realdonaldtrump  @ smxtty i think that you would be as good as reagan please run ! !
 @ wsgbeme realdonaldtrump i'm with these great people mr trump please run for president we need a completely new direction  # trump2016
 @ johnmarkowitz realdonaldtrump you are damn good
 @ themightylayman :  dear  @ realdonaldtrump :  you are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for president
 @ smxtty :  donald trump would be the greatest president thank you
the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that i’m the only repub who won't cut social security etc i’ll make america rich again !
with a stupid guy like jonah goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me no wonder the nro is doing so poorly  @ jonahnro
people have been forced to resign positions for far less than  @ jonahnro’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
 @ jonahnro you stated that i started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14yearold girl”  horrible insult to women resign now or later !
“when you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat” – ronald reagan
wow really nice and unexpected from ed schultz thank you ed !  @ edshow  
glad to see that  @ peterose14 has been hired by  @ foxsports as an analyst pete should be around baseball and in the hall of fame !
 @ dalasner :  ed schultz just extolled your business savvy maybe there is hope for msnbc ! be careful if sharpton endorses you boss !
 @ stephenfhayes :  i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire you just don't  have what it takes !  @ joenbc
 @ slider6294 :  @ nro  @ jonahnro to be fair impossible to fill those shoes but consistent conservative principles would be a start ! i agree !
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump i spoke to my cousins in nh they said their whole town is talking about your great speech  # trump2016 thanks
 @ brookeburton realdonaldtrump why don't you just run for president ? ! you would have my vote ! !
national review  @ nro may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by  @ jonahnro no talent means death  sad !
 @ megynkelly   sorry there was only one breakout star this weekend in new hampshire just check out the local new hampshire media !
jonah goldberg  @ jonahnro of the once great  @ nro  # national review is truly dumb as a rock why does   @ bretbaier put this dummy on his show ?
 @ jwt19723 realdonaldtrump you need to run for president
 @ woody021072 realdonaldtrump  nothing  as they always do
 @ scapesrus realdonaldtrump tell um to get out the check book donald  believe me i would !
 @ scapesrus realdonaldtrump tell um to get out the check book donald
 @ alikhalil7 realdonaldtrump we need yod.c.resident mrtrump a leader that knows what to do ! agree
trump national golf club los angeles will be the host in october for the  @ pgagrandslam 
 @ skyglideusa  one of the most elegant and amazing hotels in vegas  # thetrump hotel our company loved it there @ realdonaldtrump thank you
congratulations to  @ trumpsoho for once again receiving the aaa five diamond award for another year !
thank you  @ jeffjlpa1 and  @ amspec for the wonderful and very true article “total desperation on iran” 
so much dishonest reporting or nonreporting in political media—an amazing experience for me  @ bretbaier
 @ benjaminhowling :  donald our prince ! daniel 12 : 1 don would rather someone else stand up for our people but they will not so he will
 @ sven945 realdonaldtrump forget running for president why don't you run to be an mp here in scotland !
 @ dryan5962 :  when we need hope  @ realdonaldtrump is just the person there to give it # trump2016  @ foxandfriends true !
 @ moosetaz foxandfriends thinking  @ realdonaldtrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians
 @ belllabooo13 foxandfriends as always great job mr trump ! truth we all need to hear it ! you gave us hope ! we need it now ! !
 @ robertpatrickmc :  you should declare you candidacy on  # gdny with  @ rosannascotto and  @ gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning
 @ doctorplatek :  come june/july  @ realdonaldtrump will take the first step in the process of making america great again !  # trump2016
 @ hitwitsubroto realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends and i will be watching with great interest
 @ belllabooo13 :    @ foxandfriends always watch mr trump keep speaking the truth ! let's get our america back ! you will do it ! god bless ! !
 @ andrewvaccari realdonaldtrump you are an inspiration ! best wishes from across the pond ! thanks
 @ hillarysusans daveyh  @ realdonaldtrump way more substance than you know best negotiator in the world iran wouldn't get nukes for sure
 @ kgregoryy realdonaldtrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay ? big fan but tired of waiting stay tuned !
 @ agpt73 realdonaldtrump his books have helped me become who i am today  great
 @ tfalomir :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump you are an example of how to do what he wants thank you
 @ hmackie11 realdonaldtrump melania as first lady she'll go down in history as the most gorgeous first lady ever  true !
 @ hillarysusans daveyhubb donaldtrump  @ gop he's very easy to relate to in person if he takes the grass roots route he has a great chance
 @ discjocke52 :  if the 2016  # gop presidential field is so deep why is donaldtrump beating so many of their 'stars' ? 
 @ jwysocki91 realdonaldtrump i just finished time to get tough great read !  # trump2016 thank you
 @ cityblindsmib realdonaldtrump with mr trump as top man in the world everyone would shake hands and listen to the man ! true leadership
 @ drvanderbloomen realdonaldtrump you may be our last hope
 @ charlesfowler :  we need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians you would be a breath of fresh air  # gop
 @ littlevd23 realdonaldtrump like the nike ad says mrtrump just do it ! run for president and give america what it needsa true leader !
 @ michaelhaz :  watched replay of dt speaking in nashua today he was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs managing foreign policy
 @ hillarysusans realdonaldtrump you rocked both events the  @ washingtonpost knows it too ! thank you for a great brunch and a great talk ! !
 @ jaazee1 realdonaldtrump my family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the presidency in past… 
 @ bluebirdiefly3 realdonaldtrump i'd vote for you i always felt you should run
 @ stephenfhayes :  trump :  i have made a fortune against chinai know all of the killers on wall street trump v china ? china has no chance !
 @ stephenfhayes :  trump on others who have spoken to  # fitn in new hampshire :  with all the people you're listening to you can forget it
 @ boyernick15 realdonaldtrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the donald !   thanks
 @ dnorrell stephenfhayes reform dc ? haha joke only one close 2 being able to do that is trump  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ magicman121 realdonaldtrump mrtrump are u going to run for 2016 presidency ? i hope so !
 @ dmanhomee :  i support donaldtrump 100 for 2016 ! he is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was !
 @ georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television got thrown off abc like a dog at maralago he was a total bust !
 @ bridgetmarie89 :  out of all the politicians in washington not one can  # savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in  # iran for being a christian
 @ grizzlybear9062 :  donaldtrump  @ l3nny85 please run mrtrump the us  been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100 in
 @ kakatshozi :  ivanka trump would be the cutest first daughter in us history if donaldtrump became president ! elegantclassy and adorable
 @ mforesta realdonaldtrump i'd think you make a great president but i would really miss  # theapprentice been a fan since the beginning
 @ younggbon :  i would easily vote for  @ realdonaldtrump if he ran for president
 @ backontrackusa :   the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obama's lackeys  you're fired !
 @ joequinn6 realdonaldtrump america needs your leadership please run for president 
 @ kenuckio realdonaldtrump and we will call it trump wall  fine with me !
jeb bush  “i am a conservative”  barack obama “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan”
with our brand new tennis performance center  @ trumpgolfdc offers countless activities along with top courses 
my  @ teamcavuto int on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders iran and making america great again 
 @ rickyricardo223 realdonaldtrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president  true !
 @ younggbon :  i would easily vote for  @ realdonaldtrump if he ran for president
 @ mforesta realdonaldtrump i'd think you make a great president but i would really miss  # theapprentice been a fan since the beginning
 @ bestphotosever :  i hope you'll announce you're running for president soon america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you
 @ lkoja realdonaldtrump is a true leader we need for this country   # trump2016
 @ aleksmm have a lawsuit in mexico’s corrupt court system that i won but so far can’t collect don’t do business with mexico !
 @ bourbonbrain :    @ realdonaldtrump has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs  # nhpolitics
 @ bethandersonesq :  i watched your interview on neil cavuto today your fiscal policy as president would be better than anyone's ! go mrtrump
 @ saralevenson :  if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop ! instead make your work more pleasurable   @ realdonaldtrump
 @ chip0tle stoic123  @ realdonaldtrump  @ maw politicians know how to become president businessmen know how to be president
 @ erotao realdonaldtrump time for an entrepreneur president not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll
 @ queenbarbie69 realdonaldtrump i believe in you go for it
 @ neilecollins realdonaldtrump if you run in 2016 how can we be of help
part 1 of my  @ specialreport int with  @ bretbaier discussing why i am strongly considering running for president 
today is april 15th obama’s favorite day of the year tea taxed enough already !
 @ ericschiffer  a talented family led by the best 
 @ thutchy5  @ realdonaldtrump politicians talk the talk but this man walks the walk  # trump2016
the great  @ marianorivera in my office with my son  @ erictrump 
 @ maw    @ realdonaldtrump from my  # european point of view # usa needs a president like you to get a lot of things right  # trump2016
 @ wingsunchained :    @ realdonaldtrump is not a professional liar like politicians i was watching cruz but donald also has my attention now
 @ likewhoa134 :  i just hope  @ realdonaldtrump is our next president  make america great again !
 @ bwanawoman kwrcrow  @ realdonaldtrump ikr he b slumming it big time ! white house will need lots of upgrades just like our country
 @ elizawindso bretbaier  @ realdonaldtrump his biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them
 @ dashing1995 :  you've said mexico is not a friend i agree usa faces mexico tomorrow in soccer  @ ussoccer could use a shout out from you
 @ elizawindso bretbaier donaldtrump   only one who ever took on the macdaddy looks like only one to fight hillary even in her own party
see the amazing views from  @ trumpgolfla located directly on the pacific ocean 
marco rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time  especially when in miami  proper plan sweating profusely !
 @ villesportslaw tmobile  been all over ky today never more than 1 mile from major interstates 13 dropped calls donaldtrump was right
entrepreneurs :  don't be confined by expectations there are no exact rules for negotiationtry to remain flexible and open to new ideas
entrepreneurs :  resolve to be bigger than your problems who's the boss ? don't negate your own power
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan only you can really make america great again  # trump2016
 @ shavaju sternshow please do another  @ realdonaldtrump interview come on now it's been long since you had him on your show can't wait
 @ tshakro realdonaldtrump should run for president ! i rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician
how do third rate talents with no smarts like  @ ronfournier get so much time on television  news  boring guy  really bad for ratings !
 @ gkohlschmidt slumpcityusa run donald run we are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign !
 @ joshleonard99 :  if america was as successful and planned like  @ realdonaldtrump we would be in good shape
 @ slumpcityusa :  i bet my mother  @ realdonaldtrump would be running for president this year let's see  # trump2016 watch
 @ davecc1109 realdonaldtrump mitt romney didn't even know he was running for potus  so true !
 @ scillierijr alexskoog  @ realdonaldtrump if he can run america like he runs a business he'd be a good president you mean great
wow mitt romney didn't  know that rand paul was in the race for president very strange !  @ fox news 
 @ doug3p0 :  look don't be a fool vote for the right guy vote for  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ jamison1013gma1 realdonaldtrump  @ burgermeister i pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run mr trump thank you
 @ piratelover22 realdonaldtrump not to mention your wife will show this planet what a first lady is !  # class  # style  so true !
 @ clintoniyh :  if the republicans are serious about stopping hillary they really need to nominate  @ realdonaldtrump i agree !
 @ izzyirelandxxx :  we need  @ realdonaldtrump as president a great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet
 @ jandnsmaman realdonaldtrump you should really run mr trump republicans will need a strong candidate to beat hillary # trump2016
 @ gracemtroupe realdonaldtrump so can u run ! please be our president
 @ peteisking pica59  @ realdonaldtrump is he running ? if he is  @ hillaryclinton might as well not even run
a great  @ the masters the course looks so beautiful fantastic for golf and television ratings !
 @ mrgamecock1 sjketchen  @ realdonaldtrump  @ johnlegere well i would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved everything !
 @ sarzitron :  the best part about  @ realdonaldtrump running for president will be  @ hillaryclinton losing i hate her so much
 @ washpostjobs :  who's excited for the hundreds of  # jobs trump is bringing to dc by restoring the post office into his newest hotel ? we are !
 @ shannlyman realdonaldtrump the trump courses in scotland are the best in the world ! fantastic few days playing them ! thank you !
 @ chrisowens1213 :  i would love to see how upset  @ hillaryclinton would get if she were in a debate against  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ tmobile has so many service complaints  a total joke !
 @ tracyholland1 :  when will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race ? can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn
 @ destiny113 johnlegere if  @ realdonaldtrump says your service is terrible it probably is his hotels are the best impeccable service
 @ rosesroi fox news  trump for president please ! your interview on fox gave hope again for this country will work on your campaign
 @ talkernewyorker :  i say flag day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety  @ realdonaldtrump  my birthday interesting
 @ danrebellato :    @ tmobile i bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified
 @ gingerxoxoxoxo realdonaldtrump tmobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check @ verizonwireless is the best
 @ princessdaytura tmobile   thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption much respect mr trump  # trump4prez
 @ saints74 realdonaldtrump  @ tmobile i agree it is the only phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana
 @ tmobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check
 @ bkrafttt :  my only goal in life is to be a successful man much like  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ mjpomor realdonaldtrump  @ mayrazayago this building is awesome kind of neat if donald becomes either the potus or the vpotus mk
 @ chrisr2014 :   donald trump is the man to make this country great obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke !
 @ rozanakabashi realdonaldtrump  @ johnlegere even though a costumer for so long their costumer service needs to be better
 @ dcfoodsafety realdonaldtrump  @ jamersonhayes agreed ! haters ! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of mr trump !
 @ johnlegere naughtoriousbig  @ realdonaldtrump u am sure dinald is proud to have your support  are you drunk john ? also tmobile sucks !
 @ ladyzales :  you're the only one for the job ! you never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president i want !  # trump2016
 @ jamersonhayes :  my man  @ realdonaldtrump is what a president should be
 @ housecalls1228 realdonaldtrump sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this fed gov by running for presyou've got my vote
 @ welovethedonald :  donaldtrump you sure do look like a natural behind that podium ! i can't wait to put my trump 2016 sign in my front yard !
 @ naughtoriousbig :  t mobile service sucks and it took a trump to call him out !  @ realdonaldtrump for president ! 
 @ tmobile  you service is absolutely terrible  get on the ball johnlegere
spoke to a capacity crowd at horry county republican event earlier today 
heading to south carolina now  meeting with fantastic people !
 @ pctech181 :  for american prosperity now and for our children's children there is only one choice donald trump for president 201624
 @ tuckahoetommy :  if  @ realdonaldtrump truly believes he could fix america and loves our country shouldn't he feel obligated to run ? yes !
 @ autumnjuliaa :  my goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as  @ realdonaldtrump did at my age
 @ anthonycl realdonaldtrump donald trump for president ! he's the only one who can run a successful business !
 @ kbrocking realdonaldtrump you gotta run i think you have what it takes to stop hillary ! !
 @ gmcallahanjr :  next great building in dc that should have the trump name in it !  @ realdonaldtrump  # rundonaldrun 
 @ markraymond realdonaldtrump you're the only person who could lead america and move our country forward !
 @ debraanngw bretbaier  @ realdonaldtrump i think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run thank you and watch !
 @ jeffbenton1079 realdonaldtrump back in myrtle beach tomorrow might see me at the airport 
 @ snugglebun31 realdonaldtrump please save our country run for president ! watch and thank you
the nra in nashville today was amazing packed house and standing ovation for trump thanks !
 @ ericbolling did a fantastic job on o'reilly tonight way to go eric !
 @ enole28 seanhannity when will you have on  @ realdonaldtrump ?  sean is a great guy who truly loves our country
 @ bretbaier  i will be interviewed by bret on fox tonight at 6 : 00 watch it will be good !
 @ 5reedz realdonaldtrump welcome to the best city in the usa nashville tn i love nashville !
 @ kissangel864 realdonaldtrump  @ trumpgolfdc thats great and all but are you running for pres  watch !
 @ iamapatsfan :  i would rather donald trump be the president than jeb bush would do a much better job !
will be doing a big interview tonight with bret baier at 6 : 00  pm  on fox don't miss it !
 @ stevewest222 greta  @ repdesantis  donaldtrump kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal ! better call trump
record crowd and standing ovation at simpson college in iowa lots of fun wonderful audience !
on my way to  @ trumpsoho to receive the aaa five diamond award
 @ slips60 realdonaldtrump looking in from across the pond america needs you asap
 @ kwrcrow communityjc  i agree america is disheartened i truly believe  # trump can turn this country around he is the only 1 who can
 @ forbes :  quote of the day :  sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make  donald trump 
 @ jpicc1 realdonaldtrump please do run ! we need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current president has caused us ! !
 @ eharper69 realdonaldtrump if you run you will win i've never been wrong just be presidential not a salesman !
meeting with iowa state senate leaders 
 @ colemang81 :  i can't wait for donaldtrump to become president and finally put the us back on top as the worlds greatest country !  # trump2016
 @ myview001 realdonaldtrump u sure could do a lot for the country !
 @ brainquotes :  when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ luismamh11 :  donaldtrump “money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game
 @ 4kmiddlebrook realdonaldtrump is ahead of most republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet america needs  # trump2016  !thanks
 @ kylerok :  amazing ! trump tennis facility in loudoun county is gorgeous ! anything this man does he does it right 
wow the respected monmouth university poll has me ahead of most republican candidates nationwide and most people don't think i'm running !
 @ laurasgoldman realdonaldtrump why is it necessary to comment on  @ ariannahuff looks ? because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
 @ reedgs119 realdonaldtrump  @ cleopattrausa donald you are the next ronald reagan make america great again thank you
 @ whatyouknowjr realdonaldtrump  @ realistboutmine all you need to do is announce and we're there !
 @ realistboutmine realdonaldtrump for president please everyone vote in 2016 if god willing please we need him to help our country
 @ keatsben realdonaldtrump donald please run for president ! you need to show obama how a real man does it !
 @ staceyhunter10 :  donaldtrump great brunch yesterday at mar a lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids 
 @ serenawilliams we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at trump national dc for the tennis center dedication
 @ isaacyass realdonaldtrump i know you will do great things for the usa !
“obama’s promises on the iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it’”   @ marklevinshow
congress must stop obama’s reckless deal with iran the framework is a pathway for iran to develop nukes
 @ majesticljp realdonaldtrump it's time for you to run for president of the united states mr trump ! !
 @ bamadad1985 realdonaldtrump i hope u run for president u have my vote
 @ shawnjohnson have a great easter you are a real champion !
 @ golfcom realdonaldtrump's nyc course just opened and it is spectacular :  
 @ greta realdonaldtrump  @ hillarysusans i can hardly wait to do the interview when the old post office is finished in all her glamour
 @ hillarysusans greta  @ realdonaldtrump that was such a great piece really enjoyed it !
 @ greta hillarysusans  @ realdonaldtrump i had so much fun doing that interview  so different from the usual otr
 @ hillarysusans :  it showed he'll be up in nh for fitn can't wait to see him will tweet pictures to  @ fox news  
 @ ohheyyhbayyy :  one could only hope that  @ realdonaldtrump will run for president had enough of obama's poor choices in office
 @ 4kmiddlebrook everyone  @ realdonaldtrump is the only one who can beat hillary
watch my  @ oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with iran 
 @ kuhnl1 realdonaldtrump :  entrepreneurs :  learn to trust yourself being an entrepreneur is not a group effort
entrepreneurs :  realize that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
obama’s offer to iran will not stop iran’s breakout capability it is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness pass sanctions !
washington needs common sense conservative solutions let’s make america great again ! 
 @ danmilosevich  @ erictrump  @ trumpferrypoint  impressive  just as trumps would be as first family i hope your dad runs 4 prez we need him
my friend  @ christianjosi is making a very special lp follow him conservative leader by day likely 2015 grammy winner by night  # legends
 @ 19thwheel :   heard your interview on siriusxm radio from fox news  i was thinking scott walker but now going trump card all the way
 @ joshmillard16 :  i'm loving everything donaldtrump has been saying about the iranian nuclear deal china mexico and the borderplease run
 @ michellemeyer10 :  donald usa must never allow iran to make their chants death to america a reality
 @ lauramontaguxox realdonaldtrump you would be a good president ! your a great businessman and care about our country ! thanks
 @ chrisbiedermann :  building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now support donald trump he can make this happen
 @ tr123xyz realdonaldtrump excellent appearance on o'reilly factor tonight the smart guy is what this country needs
 @ teeroyd :  saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing im a gay republican announce !
 @ nikkio :   good interview on o'reilly  many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over usa companies
 @ sailor7 rebeccagberg  i am ready to work for the gop  i want to back  @ realdonaldtrump  he is a patriot
 @ user9888 :  money was never a big motivation for meexcept as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ fakeskiteam realdonaldtrump that's why we need tough smart leaders like you in the white house instead of this pushover obama !
 @ fakeskiteam realdonaldtrump this obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy ! please run for president donald !
 @ marinojoanna realdonaldtrump  @ oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with iran
 @ michaeltmorgan1 oreillyfactor trump is right :  we are dealing with zealots animals and amateurs wake up no deal walk and walk fast
 @ stonebreakerii :  i would most definitely vote for trump for president ! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now  @ oreillyfactor
 @ gwonder6 :  first election i can vote in i want  @ realdonaldtrump to run for president
 @ beyon oreillyfactor you know donaldtrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate maybe he is our modern day patton ?
 @ williamgardanis realdonaldtrump the best president in the history of the united states donald j trump
turn on  @ oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance !
 @ khadeejanicolle realdonaldtrump your exactly correct don't let me down by not running for president !
 @ welovethedonald :  you can count me in ! why do you think i'm  @ welovethedonald ? because i believe in you and trust your judgement !
 @ donniewilmoth realdonaldtrump i hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy
i will be on bill o'reilly's show tonight at 8  pm talking about iran and politics  @ oreillyfactor
iran is desperate to develop nukes congress must increase sanctions against iran
 @ thembazoko1 realdonaldtrump :  we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts  gary player
“us tycoon donald trump in talks with ryanair to bring more flights back to prestwick airport” 
wow what a nice honor !  
 @ mysticmimsy :    @ javamedic i tcompletely agree trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change  # trumpforpresident
 @ politcswatch realdonaldtrump i would call what the obama administration has done these two terms a disaster  # foxandfriends
 @ foxandfriends realdonaldtrump calls out those negotiating with iran on a new nuclear deal 
 @ tom38ts realdonaldtrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please
 @ danowiggins realdonaldtrump i always enjoy your straight talk i'm afraid america can't handle the truth perhaps so !
 @ indybuffalojim  @ trumptoronto doesn't suprise me one little bit look who is running luxury donald trump that master of what people want  : 
 @ cahlrstorrie  everytime  @ realdonaldtrump comes to scotland it's always sunny it's not often for the sun to be out in scotland
 @ shepherdconnor great to see the future president back in scotland he is going to make turnberry a very special place once it's finished !
 @ kellymorrisltd   @ ayrshirechamber sad to be missing it huge buzz about the key note speaker this year america's future president
 @ jeff713jeffrey  @ fox news insider i don't care what anyone says i'll take trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is !
looking forward to speaking  @ nra news  convention in nashville 
entrepreneurs :  successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants you've got to know where they're coming from pay attention !
 @ wastehe   @ realdonaldtrump  @ accronin8  we need a trump card in the white house you can make this country back to the way it was !
many people think that wm23  @ wrestlemania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness” – pres ronald reagan
jack nicklaus ii gave the best tribute to a parent i have ever heard at yesterday’s congressional gold medal ceremony honoring  @ jacknicklaus
 @ johnny4arizona :  a trump presidency would make us great again make made in usa  # 1  put more $$$ in pockets of every american  # trump2016
 @ druebuono realdonaldtrump just saw you on greta hope your not just teasing us about running ! go for it  you'll see !
 @ greatmakeupkate realdonaldtrump  @ jdwillms1jeff donald trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
 @ tgainesgirl :    @ welovethedonald i totally agree i almost cried watching  @ greta interview with you do it just do it run and save america
 @ welovethedonald realdonaldtrump what a beautiful first family you will be !
go to  @ greta show  will be talking about opo and plenty else  enjoy !
 @ belle2016 greta i would vote for  @ realdonaldtrump for president with  @ marcorubio as vice president that would work for people in fla
i am on  @ greta now !
entrepreneurs :  take responsibility for yourself it's a very empowering attitude
entrepreneurs :  trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills they're there for a reason
 @ indybuffalojim  @ greta i remember visiting that building a real jewel i am proud of donald once again stepping up to make america beautiful
 @ lisaowens1989   @ realdonaldtrump please run for president and get our country running better !
 @ paw1015 realdonaldtrump mr trump please run you'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270
 @ mariafotedis :  please run  @ realdonaldtrump you will win we need you
 @ sanstaremedia :  heard  @ realdonaldtrump might be running for  # president think that would be pretty cool actually
 @ ayley realdonaldtrump you would be doing our country a favor by running for president  # trump2016
 @ justsoldcom realdonaldtrump trump has a very good chance at 2016 ! we need you mr trump the us needs you ! !
 @ johnhmaddox :  listening to donaldtrump interview on  @ savagenation he's so far above the rest of the field as a practical realistic leader
 @ michaelentrekin :  at this point every arrow points your way we need the don !  # trumpforpresident we need you sir ! run !  # betteramerica
 @ doremusj realdonaldtrump you're my dream candidate i hope your exploratory committee agrees if they don't you should fire them cute !
 @ njunger19 gingerpascoe  @ realdonaldtrump exactly thats y i said ive never voted rep but i will if donald runs rep or not he gets it
 @ scottmalouff realdonaldtrump you have to run ! your next ! !
 @ vidortwitt realdonaldtrump plz run for president and get this country back on track ! plzzzzz !
 @ njunger19 realdonaldtrump ok ted effing cruz is running come on donald for the love of god run never voted rep but i will if u run
 @ jeremythedrift realdonaldtrump please run  you are republicans only hope  ? ?
 @ raymeem megynkelly  @ realdonaldtrump i see donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic realityhe sees naïveté of america vs china
 @ ultimatetree realdonaldtrump donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do
 @ wastehe realdonaldtrump  @ fatrotty well  @ realdonaldtrump make an announcement i love you and i want to see you do it !
will be on  @ megynkelly tonight at 9 : 00 will be talking about everything !
 @ arsenalhobbo just finished watching celebrity apprentice  @ realdonaldtrump  @ ivankatrump on the bbc great work guys for such a good cause
“in nh trump says his business experience would play well in government” 
 @ greigaspinall   @ realdonaldtrump great show ! shame we are so behind in the uk the 2011 season just finished ! well done  @ johnrich  thanks
 @ cahlrstorrie i think  @ realdonaldtrump is the only reason i watch fox and friends honest man he is  @ foxandfriends
 @ johnfulthorpe :  america needs  @ realdonaldtrump he is the only one who can save us from the leftie liberal fascists  # votetrump
 @ belllabooo13 foxandfriends  @ realdonaldtrump great job mr trump lots of great ideas ! looking forward to hearing more from you god bless !
 @ bellanycmag :  “you have to think anyway so why not think big ?”  @ realdonaldtrump inside the pages of our  # spring… 
 @ tylerleesmit :  i found a few of your buildings in busan south korea they're looking clean and beautiful keep expanding the empire !
 @ jefferyaarnold tedcruz for president ? haha really  @ tedcruz ? you should run as support for  @ realdonaldtrump not as a candidate
 @ samdoyle12  @ realdonaldtrump thanks for the quotes todaya month away of starting my own business  # helpful  good luck
 @ rafflewinner  @ realdonaldtrump i can't decide if you will be a great president or the greatest president !  # trump2016
trump golf links at ferry point an 18 hole public golf course in the bronx new york is opening soon ! 
 @ horptyler  while i'll miss the celebrity apprentice season 15 i think it's great that  @ realdonaldtrump will try for the white house
 @ yorocky right now i would vote for  @ realdonaldtrump for president
 @ talkernewyorker  i love the trump family they have done so much just in  # nyc how lucky other parts get to benefit !  # goodfamily
 @ littmannraymond  @ realdonaldtrump he would be a great president and we need him to represent and protect america's interests worldwide
 @ annmcg01  @ rosannascotto much as i will miss celeb apprentice we need a real president ! i'd vote for him !  love to see him on  # gdny
 @ littlevd23   @ rosannascotto  he is what this country needs ! mrtrump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the usa respectable
 @ boarcane :  donaldtrump we need you to run and win ! a true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart 
 @ aozsvath realdonaldtrump please run for the president and make america great again americans worked too hard to lose their country ! !
corey lewandowski senior political adviser :   mrtrump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness
april is autism awareness month join me in raising awareness  get your “light it up blue” sign here !  # liub 
 @ willaa99 realdonaldtrump for the love of the united states of america don't let another bush or clinton in office ! run donald trump run !
 @ mytime28 foxbusiness  @ realdonaldtrump i rather see him as president than any republican out there at least he will think $$$$ and sense
 @ vinceconley realdonaldtrump woohoo ! the united states of america president trump ! i like the sound of that !  # trump2016
 @ tmac7771 realdonaldtrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make america great again
 @ dmccullough paddybireland  @ realdonaldtrump do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world
entrepreneurs :  see yourself as an organization pay attention to every facet of your life what's strong ? what's weak ? what's missing ?
 @ myhealthcoach1 :  your cpac speech 2015 was presented so clear straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob us has !
 @ 1a0e358348904f5 :  we need a president that can get america back on track and get things done !  @ realdonaldtrump for president !
 @ grahamclark :  is it just me or does  @ realdonaldtrump seem nice ?
 @ samdoyle12  @ realdonaldtrump when starting a business what is the most important aspect ? find work that you lovebe passionate about it
 @ stuarty19  @ realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is great got right into the series big fan of it now !  great !
 @ fc61e7ca3dac404 realdonaldtrump a great candidate for president ope with my heart u run ! our country needs u
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump you sound really presidential on  @ foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
 @ foxesba realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends my favorite part of the week is listening to you on monday mornings  # morningsarebetterwithfriends
 @ dhami98devin :  as a 16 year old young man i am very impressed that i haven't been able to put down 'the art of the deal' great book !
 @ donnalee57 realdonaldtrump yes sir wish you were president with decision power to lead this country back to greatness
 @ team6q :  “watch listen and  # learn you can’t know it all yourself anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity”  donald trump
trump international hotel washington dc will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 
 @ dennisgoins realdonaldtrump what are you waiting for ? run ! the country needs you ! it's now or never ! we need leadership !
 @ newhopenchange :  reading the art of the deal for the 4th time over 18 years motivational and educational in different ways each time
 @ hgswiney realdonaldtrump is more than an entrepreneur he's an american iconand will definitely get my vote in 2016  thank you !
 @ secondtonone8 :  the white house is waiting for you to move in mr trump  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ calhoundeane :  say what you want about  @ realdonaldtrump the apprentice is such a career saver for so many people  # absoluteicon
 @ jorgeqb22 realdonaldtrump :  entrepreneurs :  being stubborn is a big part of being a winner never give up !
 @ pimpincrxboy  @ realdonaldtrump can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see donald trump there today  # topnotch thanks
 @ chiyankfred  @ trumpdoral  mr trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the blue monster ! looked great
 @ sherry09  @ realdonaldtrump please announce that you're running for president soon we all need some hope for the future !
 @ iamgerg realdonaldtrump there’s only one guy with the intellect balls and know how to fix this country…donald trump 2016
 @ warriordave photomateme   @ jacknicklaus i see it every day from the whitestone  can't wait to play a round with my cgxs and airmax's
 @ kenzig :   time to throw your hat in the ring mr trump currently we have a liar a repeat overzealous tea partier some govsblah
 @ tdavistonya :  mr trump our government is imploding america needs your strong and honest leadership pls 'throw your hat in the ring' !
 @ justinkrizel :  i can vote in next election if he runs i will absolutely vote for  donaldtrump  he's the best candidate out there
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest  benjamin franklin
i am happy to announce that the  @ pgagrandslam will be held at  @ trumpgolfla this year ! 
 @ ricd384 :  the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office mr donald trump america is ready for you lets do it'
 @ jxcookie96  @ realdonaldtrump i really appreciate your tips just started a business going for gold thank you  greatgood luck !
entrepreneurs :  keep an open mind business is a creative endeavor
 @ tylerburkecre any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate develo pm ent sector ? know your territory
 @ scottsiebs :  good monday morning from my room at the beautiful trump ocean club panama a great great hotel !  
 @ belllabooo13 :    @ aplemonlemon  @ foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week ! keep it going ! run for president ! we need you !
 @ aplemonlemon realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends what a way to start my week ! love it !
 @ mansfieldra :  the q is  @ realdonaldtrump going to run for president you will have my vote  @ realdonaldtrump
today's final round of the wgc cadillac championship will be amazing a lot of pressure on leader who has played great big names hunting !
i have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game it's called an eraser  arnold palmer
 @ laloquita we are breaking into real estate investing and we love  @ realdonaldtrump because he knows his business !  great good luck !
 @ masterbaxter8 :  only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be president ! we don't need another mediocre politician
 @ andrewjalbert01 :  also i want to hit  @ realdonaldtrump's new course ferry point when it opens views can't be beat
 @ megaheid :  i think i speak for most rightminded folk when i say :  i really hope  @ realdonaldtrump does run for president
 @ dochubbard62 realdonaldtrump 2016  president of the united states of america god bless and god speed praying for you and the country
 @ harryplush :  us golf team needs to think outside the box and hire  @ realdonaldtrump as captain ! best course owner ever  thank you !
 @ dnorrell realdonaldtrump we need you in washington we've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle  very true !
 @ greeneyesa78 realdonaldtrump don't ever change who you are ? i promise !
because of rodolfo rosas moya who owes me lots of money mexico will never again host the miss universe pageant
 @ lakerscanes305 :  on my way to  @ trumpdoral what better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary realdonaldtrump
 @ belllabooo13 realdonaldtrump congrats have a great time ! god bless  ! how about a hole in one !
 @ anthonyjmyers :  looking at  @ realdonaldtrump compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope  # trump2016 we can do this  ? ?
trump national doral will have big crowds this weekend for the wgc the blue monster is ready for the world's top fifty players !
 @ elianabenador cpac th crystal ball to see th future :  true conservative candidates will be sorely missing none of them measures totrump
 @ mbabramson realdonaldtrump why are you the only candidate who discusses us trade imbalances with other countries ? it's important !
concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety  jack nicklaus
 @ chubby6665 :  legends on the wall in my bathroom at trump doral the refurb here is sensational great venue ! 
all 50 of the world's top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday  sunday for the cadillac world golf championship
 @ kittycakes92 seanhannity i think  @ realdonaldtrump should be running instead of jeb we need a real candidate not a soso leader
 @ phatpuppyart seanhannity  @ realdonaldtrump have to say i would love donald to runhe makes me feel some pride again glimpses of reagan
entrepreneurs :  be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business
entrepreneurs :  don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best you haven't so don't limit yourself !
entrepreneurs :  keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
donald trump ready to end  @ apprenticenbc for white house run 
 # tbt with the cast of goodfellas 
trump int'l hotel washington dc :  the iconic old post office building will be one of the world's great hotels 
 @ pcufinn realdonaldtrump why don't you put a trump fence up and do us all a favor great idea
 @ adamodell realdonaldtrump just wanted to say i am loving the us celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the uk  great show and celebrities !
trump international golf links and hotel ireland is located on the atlantic ocean in county clare spectacular ! 
i have a lawsuit in mexico’s corrupt court system that i won but so far can’t collect don’t do business with mexico !
i told you the oscars were terrible—bad look bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history  
 @ jpnwrites  the oscars can learn a lot from the miss universe pageant  @ realdonaldtrump  true !
 @ jcl30  @ realdonaldtrump had a run round  @ turnberrybuzz ails this morning going to be great when all the changes are finished thanks
 @ talismanjohnnya :  waiting to see you at cpac wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on monday mornings  # foxandfriends
 @ catchmeonforbes :  i would love to just chill and talk with  @ realdonaldtrump about life man is a genius !  thanks
 @ belllabooo13 :    @ foxandfriends looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now ! god bless you and yours
 @ aplemonlemon realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run ! please !
 @ aplemonlemon realdonaldtrump nice job this morning on  # foxabdfriends  ! you have my vote not walker
going to the citadel tonight  getting the nathan hale patriot award very nice !
 @ rosenavy5 :    @ mclaughlln i would vote for donald trump !  ! a true american who understands business and stands by american people !
 @ themindofreyrey :  you have to think anyway so why not think big realdonaldtrump  # powerful  # quoteoftheday
 @ coldmud :  i defy the belgians or japanese to produce something like a  @ realdonaldtrump if that makes me an exceptionalist i plead guilty
 @ michaeldaudel  @ realdonaldtrump thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs  my pleasure work hard !
 @ trumpdoral will be featured on  @ golfchannel this morning now
 @ jlnewman29 :  to me what matters is doing and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money   @ realdonaldtrump  # trump16
the winner of best in show of the 139th  @ wkcdogs miss p visited  @ trumptowerny today 
gov scott walker just left my officewe had a really wonderful talk very interesting !  @ govwalker
entrepreneurs :   ignorance is not bliss it's fatal it's costly pay attention or get crushed watch listen and learn
entrepreneurs :   pay attention to your negotiation skills it's all about persuasion and persuasion is power
entrepreneurs :  it's often to your advantage to be underestimated
 @ dannyandrews51 realdonaldtrump this country is ready for a true leader and that leader is you ! i agree !
record setting cold and snow ice caps massive ! the only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons  incompetent pols
president obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against grand master chess champions very sad to watch !
 @ xkaylarae :  mom   leave me alone i want to just be with  @ realdonaldtrump  cute !
 @ colinswood realdonaldtrump donald thank you for raising millions for charity on your show !
 @ jwt19723 realdonaldtrump  @ yankeerunnerlv you need to be the president thank you
 @ amitdranade :  : sir thanks for producing the apprentice both the us and the uk shows are a real life management training program regards
 @ yankeerunnerlv :  tonight is perfect time for dt to announce he's running for prezto let america know help is on way  # trump2016  # usa
paulina  @ missuniverse vega will be introduced tonight at the finale of celebrity apprenticeshe is a great beauty and a monster star in sa
wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell global warming anyone ?
 @ bryancarpenter :    @ leezagibbons should win ! she has grown so much and is a natural born leader ! so professional and kind she's a gift !
 @ susanzoss realdonaldtrump leza gibbons hands down ! geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader
 @ someasianchick :  will you be my valentine  @ realdonaldtrump  or at least run for president ?
 @ manofsteel619 realdonaldtrump my god i would pay to see you destroy hillary in a debate please run !
 @ cardecornish  @ realdonaldtrump thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this valentine's day 
 @ chingaling3 realdonaldtrump happy valentines day to you and your lovely wife jesus loves you both
“score one for the donald in his battle with  @ agschneiderman” 
 @ realdbp realdonaldtrump  @ menofhistory the art of the deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general ! thanks
 @ motamazebegreat :  sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war  donald trump  # inspirational  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ motamazebegreat :  what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate  donald trump
 @ filmbaycinema :  experience taught me a few things sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make donald trump
i still don’t know who i’m going to choose  @ geraldorivera or  @ leezagibbons ? who do you like apprenticenbc
the entire cast will be back for the live finale of  @ apprenticenbc monday night at 8  pm 
 @ khanyisanidlomo :  sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war  donald trump
 @ startupsupastar :  i wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living i was looking to make a statement donald trump 
 # celebrityapprentice two hour live show on monday night will determine who will become the winner of celebrity apprenticefull cast returns
trump national golf club jupiter is close to palm beach and designed by jack nicklausa masterpiece of a course 
who should win celebrity apprentice on monday night ? show will be telecast live !
 @ world news press1 :  the success of donald trump  read on 
 @ tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multibillionaire  @ realdonaldtrump this weekend will be nothing less than epic
entrepreneurs :  don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best don't sell yourself short !
 @ nikkoarganese23 realdonaldtrump you the truth love you
 @ sebplaski realdonaldtrump why is trump for real ? because he knows how to deal !
 @ ericleebow :  learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer amazing success story
 @ dcfoodsafety :  mr trump i am shooting for a leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye !  # celebrityapprentice
 @ tthompson67 :  i began reading  @ realdonaldtrump quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday stay tuned for results !
 @ macktheresa :  your family is beautiful this is the 1st season that i have watched  # celebrityapprentice gosh i hope leeza wins !
the best vision is insight  malcolm forbes
with america's debt topping $21t by the end of his presidency obama will have effectively bankrupted our country  @ davidaxelrod
 @ senorvito9 realdonaldtrump your contributions to the world are priceless ! thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life ! thank you !
 @ masterbaxter8 realdonaldtrump  @ chirofrenzy i'm not because if he runs the white house will be his
why did  @ oreillyfactor give  @ davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book bill should have hit stammering david much harder ! waste
 @ 888maggie888 :  i am voting for  @ geraldorivera to win  @ apprenticenbc ! he is not as slimy as i thought he has integrity and does not lie
 @ cmdorsey realdonaldtrump did u see asselrod on  # oreillyfactor last night ? ? he mentioned your name he is such an arrogant asshole
 @ drchimrickles :  you looked very presidential last night on the telly  @ realdonaldtrump thank you
 @ jjonesttu realdonaldtrump  @ davidaxelrod  @ oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you
 @ singlead realdonaldtrump can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes  
 @ seniorslocum realdonaldtrump is up early putting ignorant people in their place
 @ prayformetoo realdonaldtrump  @ davidaxelrod i knew when i heard him say it you would speak up good on ya !
 @ davidaxelrod use buffet icahn sam zell leon black kravis caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me !
watched  @ davidaxelrod on  @ oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after i made a big contribution to his charity i never went bankrupt !
 @ jillpie1 : donaldtrump i hated you firing too many people at once not exciting total bummerplease one at a time psyched for next season
 @ candyfairy16 realdonaldtrump idk what i'm gonna do with my life now that  # celebrityapprentice is almost over lol
 @ shortcakessheep katiekms53  @ realdonaldtrump i would wanna work for him i worked for gw bush and would wanna work for trump
 @ irismorales67 realdonaldtrump  @ claymkopplin i just hate when  # celebrityapprentice ends cuz it takes so long for a new season !
 @ alexiskrystina :  love the  # celebapprentice flashback ! the winners are always the good people who don't play dirty donald keeps it  # classy
 @ userback realdonaldtrump  @ realjoemurray i would support you i think you are very smart ! thank you
 @ jamesschlosser :  when does the next season start ?  @ realdonaldtrump can't end something this good !
 @ realjoemurray :    # celebrityapprentice is the best reality show on tv this season was worth the wait ! now run for president mr trump !
 @ claymkopplin :  the celebrity apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of  @ realdonaldtrump and i can't wait for the finale !
 @ ebs366 realdonaldtrump  @ stephanienap5 what's up cutting season so short very disappointing still a great show but way to fast
 @ tpgraf82 realdonaldtrump love the  @ apprenticenbc past fails and successes you have changed tv for life !
 @ mamapattyw msvivicafox you were a class act  @ celebapprentice when you told  @ realdonaldtrump that  @ leezagibbons deserved to be ca
 @ vtdiva01 :  so much respect for vivica fox right now wow ! that was by far the classiest move i've ever seen on  # celebapprentice !
 @ stephanienap5 realdonaldtrump why is your season so rushed ? ? ?
 @ 1simranjitsingh :  i am a student myself i cannot believe that obama has doubled the interest rate on student loans trump for president !
 @ melissabxny realdonaldtrump where did you get your boardroom table ? need to purchase one that size cute !
 @ frankadgpr realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc clearly you are a master of marketing and business success
 @ justinraay :  thank you  @ realdonaldtrump for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched !  # imeanit
 @ xkidd92 :    @ leezagibbons it's going to be very tough because  @ geraldorivera has the contacts with big money but leeza deserves it !
at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s  @ apprenticenbc   # celebapprentice
 @ cdiprima69 :  incredible season of the celebrity apprentice favorite show ! the $$ you raise for charities is amazing  # inspirational
 @ pcochenour562 :    @ xkidd92  @ leezagibbons yea she smart but i think it will be gerardo he's a cunning one  # snake one i would turn my back on
 @ beachhome1 :  donaldtrump the problem with brian williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
 @ xkidd92 realdonaldtrump definitely rooting for  @ leezagibbons i think she deserves it the most
 @ llhegartylinda realdonaldtrump yes ! we are being attacked by so many ! we need you to get in and get it done  # trump2016  # leadership
celebrity apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season watch tonight at 8 : 00
 @ jumbeeboi89 realdonaldtrump donald run for president man seriously make it official
donald trump plans return to iowa 
 @ cdnrationale realdonaldtrump  @  news maxmedia  @ dpatten32 time for trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world the usa !
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest  benjamin franklin
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer  albert einstein
i just answered my facebook fan's questions in the latest  # askthedonald watch the video 
entrepreneurs :   be curious discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success don't sell yourself short
trump golf links at ferry point in the bronx ny will open soon a jack nicklaus signature design beautiful  
 # celebapprentice with three wonderful but fired contestants 
 @ omoadesokan :  what matters is where you want to go focus in the right direction !  donald  @ realdonaldtrump  # wojubeforeyouvote
 @ presidentjmarsh realdonaldtrump are you going to be at  @ cpac news  this year ? i can't wait to hear from you there !
 @ jimdesch23 realdonaldtrump this is the best celebrity apprentice all season love someone else is getting fired ! !
 @ lindantyler :  seeing  @ joanrivers is so tough but also so very special ! glad she was on this season  # blessings to  @ melrivers
 @ kamerakeith realdonaldtrump i know you have a lot of power but bringing  # joanrivers back  incredible ! !
 @ lanas05 realdonaldtrump with all drama experience you gain in the boardroom you could start a theatre company  # theapprentice
 @ vtdiva01 :  for the record i think  @ realdonaldtrump rocks and i would never boycott  # celebapprentice  the entire trump family is amazing
 @ mhaston15 realdonaldtrump it will be if kenya goes home she is a ridiculous untalented egotist
 @ terribondhughes realdonaldtrump i'm watching mr trump ! now and every year past love it  ! and i'm a huge fan of u sir  ?  thanks
 @ rick74467 realdonaldtrump getting ready to tune in for another great episode of  # celebrityapprentice 
let’s together make america great again ! vote trump at 
remember tonight's 8 o’clock episode of celebrity apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv  @ apprenticenbc
entrepreneurs :  remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth
 @ authorknox apprenticenbc pete carroll need to be added to the show worst play call in superbowl history  @ realdonaldtrump fire his ass !
via  @ globegazette by john skipper :  north iowan says trump serious about potus run  but he'll have to prove it 
 @ oh2binaz realdonaldtrump kenya is a dirty thief ! i hope she gets fired
i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8 : 00  best episode ever of celebrity apprentice !
 @ lovusa4 fpatterson1050 kind compassionate heart ! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have dad's heart ! thank you !
 @ municheleven :  won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear ! he has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the boardroom
 @ craigeaton12 realdonaldtrump please run for potus mr trump the country needs you more then ever
 @ priece714 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president that would make me so happy
when i broadly proclaimed mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah he’s right
entrepreneurs :  knowledge requires patience action requires courage put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner 
 @ vladimirrussia7   @ realdonaldtrump you are the best  # billionare and the great teacher !i love your inspiring books ! thanks and good luck
 @ buffyg6820 :  we need a president that is for the usa donald trump knows how to make an empire   # yvncg incbuffy 
 @ k9bellavia realdonaldtrump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election turn us around
 @ kangdedyri1 realdonaldtrump donald you are my best mentor to richest and successful
 @ mollybozeman :  i don't care what anyone says about him i will always love  @ realdonaldtrump  nice !
 @ oreillyfactor  bad and very deceptive journalism show must be heading in wrong direction too bad sarahpalinusa
 @ pgatimmyd  @ nypost they are morons mr trump i heard your speech it was excellent  exactly what america needed to hear !  thanks
entrepreneurs :   be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally that's good business
entrepreneurs :   achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
surprise  @ oreillyfactor used my name big league in preads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me !
 @ jaydevereaux ok mr  @ realdonaldtrump get beyond talking and start doing announce a run don't just talk 
 @ dadeque realdonaldtrump the grey sofa don't match sir but it is just my taste i agree but  @ ivankatrump likes it  too bad
 @ seenontv66 :  when will people magazine finally realize that the sexiest man alive is donald trump ! you are sexy and adorable !  # gotmyvote t
 @ marklevinshow :  excellent article read to the end 
getting ready to go on  @ kellyandmichael  two great people !
i guess rupert murdoch and the  @ nypost don't like donald trump such false reporting about my big hit in iowa even my enemies said bull
going over to  @ abc to do live  at 9 : 00
 @ kwrcrow :  another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages 
 @ willowfrantn realdonaldtrump i dvrd kelly and michael today to see you but you weren't on ! missed you ! wednesday !
 @ eyeonpolitics :  but i loved seeing  @ ivankatrump's brand on  @ realdonaldtrump's show her shoes are my favorite i have a closet full great
 @ lordsugar how did you enjoy maralago ? it was nice having you theremy people thought you were terrific !
apprentice  big hit miss universe  big hit i always get big ratings if i hosted meet the press instead of sleepy eyesa smash !  @ nbc news 
i am convinced that sleepy eyes chuck todd was only a placeholder for someone else at meet the press he bombed franchise in ruins !  @ nbc
 @ apprenticenbc :  by the way — you will not want to miss  # phonegate next week on  # celebapprentice that's all we're gonna say
 @ channyeats realdonaldtrump wrong decision but i understand why you did it  # ratings  not really !
 @ sbinteriordesi1 realdonaldtrump  i love this show been watching since it started years ago ! ? ?
 @ bravolebrity1 realdonaldtrump  @ geraldorivera is like that bunny that keeps on ticking just waiting for him to explode !  # celebapprentice
 @ romynycity realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc i want to be a business woman someday  ! love this show  : 
 @ sammielicious4u brandiglanville oh and my apologies ! how wonderful of  @ realdonaldtrump to give $25000 to the cguard amazing heart ? ?
 @ realmissalusa :  what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate  @ realdonaldtrump  ? ? ?
 @ pattipage apprenticenbc  @ realdonaldtrump one of the many reasons i like the trumpseach family member is charitable and kind thanks
 @ 03slex realdonaldtrump is my role model on everything ? ?
 @ kellyizthebest realdonaldtrump  ? ?  @ apprenticenbc just when you think it can't get any better it does ! !
 @ realitytvbliss :  if i was ever on  # celebrityapprentice then i would want to be on the team with  @ ianziering  # giveshisall  @ realdonaldtrump
all new  @ apprenticenbc starts right now ! 
watch celebrity apprentice on now !
 @ nglandon realdonaldtrump i just saw you talking with  @ greta trump for prez ! i know you can get these clowns in line you've got my vote
 @ ff7429b1dbb84b6 realdonaldtrump  @ onesoldiersmom donald you have to really try this time we need you're skills
 @ sethhenry78 realdonaldtrump i saw you in des moines and now i can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start
 @ missuniverse ratings were great ! a big win and a wonderful night ! 
 @ freidawashingt realdonaldtrump good morning to you the pageant was fabulous ! ms usa came so close then tonight is celeb apprentice
 @ bgoudygcc realdonaldtrump  @ nbc news   can't wait to see  # sleepyeyes on the next  # celebrityapprentice oh wait he would have to be a celeb
 @ griffintimothy realdonaldtrump i bet ur great in bed  true !
word is that  @ nbc news  is firing sleepy eyes chuck todd in that his ratings on meet the press are setting record lows he's a real loser !
 @ marinojoanna :  donaldtrump you would have my vote ! it's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
 @ tinypurplefishs realdonaldtrump  @ fox news  oh yeah and another thing we need you to run ! save america before it's too late
 @ janicesaulnier1 :  keep trying different hotels while in vegas so far trump is the easy winner by far in every way wow !  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ markmoranmn realdonaldtrump  @ nbc news  would be a shock to have an experienced ceo in the wh rather than incompetent community organizers
 @ oav95 :  i'm the one person who can make this country great again nobody else can  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ anitamarkdjones realdonaldtrump  @ nbc news  i wish you would  love to hear you fired to them in washington dc
 @ kfrgheather :  watching home alone 2 with the little didn't know  @ realdonaldtrump was on it ! love the donald !
 @ tanerollins need to run against romney/bush you know infinitely more about economics but you must publicly criticize them  # gop
 @ laffranchini bamarshalla  @ politico  @ realdonaldtrump he is right neither bush or romney should run we need someone who is not a wimp
 @ jackselo :  the best phrase  @ realdonaldtrump has ever said ? we don't need another bush well said !
 @ goodvibration7 realdonaldtrump  @ nbc news  filipinos love u mr trump ! you are famous in the philippines ! we love what u do ! thank you
 @ dcfoodsafety realdonaldtrump mr trump do you have a favorite for the super bowl coming up what is your pick ? coach b brady and kraft !
 @ dcfoodsafety :    @ nbc  @ apprenticenbc that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills  very few shows on tv actually do that !
just leaving for  @ landexpo in iowastanding room only my great honor  @ peoplescompany  
 @ dshimogawa :  when i grow up i want to be just like  @ realdonaldtrump ! thanks
 @ landexpo :  the land investment expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our eighth annual on friday 
 @ agtradertalk :  going to go see  @ realdonaldtrump at the  @ landexpo tomorrow last year it was  @ tboonepickems totally sold out great
entrepreneurs :   everything starts with you realize that you're in charge  whatever happens you're responsible
they just arrested pol shelly silver in new york why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook  @ agschneiderman ?
congratulations to  @ joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her  # sotu response joni will be a great senator
be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of  @ apprenticenbc here 
icymi my speech this past monday at the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach 
if scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100  $150 oil they would now be bust !
 @ missey5mae :  i think if a gop candidate really wants to win he will name  @ realdonaldtrump as the chief trade negotiator
 @ resilienceisme realdonaldtrump what do you think of miss universe bahamas ?  beautiful and nice !
 @ lordsugar :  can you get me a parking slot at mar a lago on sunday its very busy with the car show meeting  @ ianjamespoulter yes call me !
 @ sassypantsjj :  so upset that celebrity apprentice is almost over it's way too short this season realize there's 2 episodes but want more
 @ jmontgomery1965 :  please save us from this bs in dc my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected please runplease !
 @ jaylefkowitz dewarsplz   @ fits news   @ sentedcruz ted cruz would be fine as would huckabee but trump would be best and romney the worst
tomorrow on the  @ missuniverse facebook page submit your final question for the contestants 
great list of spring travel ideas from our  @ trumpcollection properties :  
 @ jaylefkowitz realdonaldtrump  @ fits news  agreed ! romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat hillary we need trump !
 @ catham11 ew  @ realdonaldtrump you were my inspiration to go for my bs in marketing ? ? ?
 @ melrivers realdonaldtrump  @ ivankatrump  @ donaldjtrumpjr thank you for all of your kindness and support my mother loved you all love !
 @ dj4corners realdonaldtrump looking forward to the next episode
 @ davekaszerman realdonaldtrump great season it gets better every week
 @ melchaz23 realdonaldtrump you are so genuine with joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was
 @ eryn3043 :  it was so great to see joan rivers back on my tv screen truly miss her  ? ? thank you donaldtrump i love watching the apprentice
 @ jerrimoore realdonaldtrump awesome a treat to get to see the brilliant joan rivers once more  # icon
 @ lirpamc realdonaldtrump loved seeing joan rivers tonight ! and  @ ivankatrump is such a classy amazing woman you should be proud !
 @ orianauk :  u r amazing students and business's learn so much through ur program it's very inspiring as well as entertaining thank u !
 @ nikk1985 ivankatrump you have such amazing style and a strong rolemodel  @ realdonaldtrump should be proud
 @ phillynutt68 :  my only question to  @ realdonaldtrump how do you handle all these celebs ? crazy ! my hats off to you !
 @ natashaownfan shawnjohnson  @ apprenticenbc  @ realdonaldtrump you have accomplished so much this young you have a huge road ahead
 @ beetabenjy :  i really genuinely love  @ realdonaldtrump a man of reason
new episode starting now !
 @ tmadsen32 :  no better way to spend my monday evening than watching celebrity apprentice  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ marybrittles :   joan is one of the greats wonderful to see her on  # theapprentice for the last time god bless yod.c.ivers
air force trump :  ahead of 2016 the donald slams romney bush in south carolina 
 @ thestangshow realdonaldtrump you the man ! you can never be too young to be a fan of you !  # donaldtrumprocks thanks
 @ jfoxy babcocksflyhair  @ realdonaldtrump do not listen don you are great and should be presidant thanks
joan rivers on the apprentice tonight at 8 : 00 i will be live tweeting joan was great !
the apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8 : 00 joan rivers puts on a great show !
i look forward to being in south carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd !
 @ sritacolombia :  do you think that  # missuniverse is like a world cup ? totally agree  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ notteridax :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump you'd be the best president ever if you ran right now you're hotter than ever !
 @ pjleger realdonaldtrump in my opinion this is the best season of the celebrity apprentice ! !
monday night at 8 : 00 will be must see television our wonderful joan rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the apprentice amazing !
 @ bjkizer74 : donaldtrump why do we keep putting the same people on the republican ticket for potus ? romney ? bush ? cruz ? paul ?  # yourtimeisnow
 @ caejh :  got out of class and immediately turned donald trump on as loud as i could it's the weekend
 @ jordanwells119 :  i forgot how much i love  # theapprentice and trump so glad i'm watching this season ! all hail king  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ dpc1975 :  i will never get a reply but  @ realdonaldtrump is the real deal  # tca15 is the best show on tv right now
 @ yankeerunnerlv :   god bless you for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend joan rivers in monday's  @ apprenticenbc
 @ engy20 realdonaldtrump i think you would be one of the great presidents ! admiration and respect from canada mr trump ! thanks
 @ gcolangelo68 realdonaldtrump its unbelievable lately poor atlantic city true very sad but i left years ago
 @ captainnormal realdonaldtrump don't run for president ! you'll win and i won't get to watch celebrity apprentice for four whole years !
 @ danielcclarke realdonaldtrump would love to play that golf course some day ! trump national doral
 @ janetspencer15 realdonaldtrump excited you will be in myrtle beach this weekend see you there !
 @ elsalopes53 :   it would be really great to invite ximena navarrete as a surprise guest to next mushow we love her and we miss her ! !
 @ melissabxny realdonaldtrump can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open will be great
 @ gregg7493 :  need democrats out so i hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time ps love the apprentice
charlie hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt charlie was also broke !
 @ jaayzen seanhannity sean i've been begging him but will need someone with clout ask donald trump to run
 @ inceptione :  “money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game”
 @ thedeckerfiles realdonaldtrump people are talking about you running for the prez
 @ alexmaymcgregor :  watching  # celebapprentice and i think  @ ianziering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice
 @ fanfareman :  donaldtrump sir so enjoyed appren tonight tears in eyes for terrell shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
 @ danfarfan :  more fun  @ apprenticenbc dual tonight to was in tough spot perhaps this 
 @ misnsomething : donald was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $30000000  # celebapprentice
 @ mrzmazz celebapprentice why do we have to see  @ geraldorivera with out his shirt ?  @ realdonaldtrump please stop this from happening
 @ wendimac27 realdonaldtrump my husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say you're fired  # celebapprentice
 @ shipwreck2014 realdonaldtrump for president i cant wait for next monday to watch  @ theapprentice9
 # celebapprentice who do you think won ?
 # celebapprentice  what do you think of the new teams/ pm s ?
 # celebapprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight !
“ @ hoganseaisle129 realdonaldtrump who who who  say it just say it  # celebapprentice” watch and see what happens !
 @ spooh news  realdonaldtrump if you decide to run i volunteer to run your southwest va campaign
 @ jlow :  monday mornings are twice as hard when i don't have  @ foxandfriends and donald to listen to thanks  @ dish for taking away my fox !  ? ?
 @ mattygeorge celebapprentice is back ! 1st episode on now in australia ! love the boardroom drama so good raising $$ for charity
 @ snoburd :  here's an idea :  why don't donaldtrump and  @ mittromney run on the same ticket instead of running against each other ? no thanks !
 @ amandaj1981 :  watching episode 1 of the new season of the apprentice in melbourne australia ! it's boardroom time ! love this show ! !
 @ jhspraggins herself311  @ geraldorivera's ego is outta control ! i believe he's trying to upstage trump but that will never happen
tonight at 8 : 00 is a really big one for a double episode of  celebrity apprentice watch you won't believe what happens !
 @ tjoanides realdonaldtrump i have a huge problem with the celebrity apprentice it's only on once a week !  # bingeviewer sorry !
 @ cunninghamny :  im on board for a  @ realdonaldtrump presidency ! the man knows what he's talking about !
get ready for two amazing episodes of celebrity apprentice tomorrow night monday at 8 : 00 some incredible things happen !
 @ thelifeofdg realdonaldtrump you know how to lead ! that's what the people need ! !
 @ danhalen :  donaldtrump great job on letterman last night ! great points on healthcare and our national debt ! thank you for bringing that up
entrepreneurs :  business is a creative endeavor being innovative  being open to new ideas keep an open mind !
watch my appearance on  @ letterman from last night 
 @ erikmthompson :  i just don't want  # donaldtrump to run for president because that would mean no more  # theapprentice  donald trumps letterman
 @ snurk :  we need  @ realdonaldtrump to save the day ! we're not worryin' at all bc donal trump is on the way 2016 ! listen for his call !
 @ zachadkinsz realdonaldtrump you should totally run for president i don't think hillary has what it takes
 @ jamiescoins :  would you approve of martin  @  scorsese or francis ford coppola ever directing a movie of your life  ? would be fascinating !
 @ castoz realdonaldtrump should be president of the united states
 @ cwbyfn12 realdonaldtrump you really need to run for president our country needs a leader like you !
 @ coxsam5 :  i swear  @ realdonaldtrump is my ideal i just wanna be successful
 @ gpadilla0724 realdonaldtrump should definitely run for president in 2016 ! what a true american
 @ markweinzierl :  love that  @ realdonaldtrump is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the  # 2ndamendment !
 @ juliakoinis realdonaldtrump tellin it how it is on letterman love ya donald
 @ heelsgunner :  watched  @ realdonaldtrump on the late show talk fiscally responsible politics we need more of that in this country !
 @ ximenafansnr ximenanr  @ realdonaldtrump of course she is the best ! no one will ever be better than she  ? ?
 @ clarkrogers123 realdonaldtrump tellen it like it is such a genius !
 @ stacyrippy realdonaldtrump darn it ! if only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation !  # 2a but they don't
 @ duttyval202 :  “ @ realdonaldtrump :  it's record cold all over the country and world  where the hell is global warming we need some fast !”
looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘friend of israel’ award at the  @ algemeiner gala dinner 
i will be on  @ letterman tonight be sure to watch ! always a great time  @ lateshow
goodnight everyone sleep tight !
 @ hgswiney :  i want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around  @ realdonaldtrump  # trump16
 @ sparkleawin :  besides u i think  @ ivankatrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman president very business savy like her dad
 @ sassysexylove realdonaldtrump :  politicians are all talk no action !  just look at our country exactly right !  # trump2016
 @ chrispalmer realdonaldtrump trump is up latepreparing his campaign for president i hope
 @ mustafanadia :    @ bnicehouse i agree ! what america needs right now isn't a politician but a businessman who can run america effectively
 @ danielstephan realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house donald somebody's gotta get this country back on track !  # trump2016
 @ marylaand realdonaldtrump why aren't you running for president ? i'm not even a republican but i'd still vote for you
 @ jackcity  @ realdonaldtrump looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself # trump2016
 @ eflaves realdonaldtrump motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot  ? ?
 @ bennng realdonaldtrump you need to show them how it's done run for office
 @ bnicehouse realdonaldtrump we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man !  # trump2016
 @ bnicehouse realdonaldtrump get this lunatic out of office run for president !
 @ yankeerunnerlv : please please please give strong and serious consideration running in 2016 and saving this country u have my vote  # trump16
congratulations to new congressman  @ leezeldin being named to house foreign affairs comm and cochair the house republican israel caucus
“failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently”  henry ford
 @ anaustrian realdonaldtrump  @ paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running
 @ bhanks26 realdonaldtrump kevin jonas was the man on  # celebrityapprentice i would love to see him come back on ! he will
 @ paulomyftaraj realdonaldtrump is great gosh darn we need him as president what a hero thank you
 @ coollukehh :  a shame that  @ kevinjonas got fired from the  # celebapprentice ! would like to see him come back !  @ realdonaldtrump  he will !
 @ agegrilli35 realdonaldtrump if i were american id vote for donald  greatest man on the planet
 @ adultprodigy realdonaldtrump is cool i like him vote for him please thanks
 @ valdizzlebitch realdonaldtrump my mother was right you are amazing thanks
 @ kylesbaxter :   i've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight and i knew kevin and gilbert would get the axe
congrats to  @ flgovscott on today's inauguration and having done a great job !
learn more about  @ trumpintrealty's  @ mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in nyc 
wow despite the switch to monday night  @ apprenticenbc ratings were higher than even the sunday night show
 @ mccareydanny realdonaldtrump how come  @ nbc is screwing  # theapprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each ?
 @ milachka10 realdonaldtrump great show this seasonluv the back to back episodesgreat cast this time
 @ jimcureton realdonaldtrump first 3 episodes great ! looking forward to rest of season
 @ saraaanicole95 realdonaldtrump is so intimidating ! i would never wanna be on his bad side ! he's still basically a king tho
 @ christybelle14 :  donaldtrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom love how you call the bs  @ theapprentice
 @ twinkles  apprentice is so good this season i'd like to thank  @ realdonaldtrump for these 2 back to back episodes  ! this show amazing
 @ megxmartine :  i don't like  @ kenyamoore why is she even on  @ apprenticenbc i wish  @ realdonaldtrump could answer this for me
 @ mymustang1964 realdonaldtrump this season of the  # celebrityapprentice is off to a great start !
 @ amandajocountry :  celebrity apprentice is back ! i love  @ realdonaldtrump ! who is going to be the  @ garybussey of the season ?  # celebapprentice
 @ pascalmahvi realdonaldtrump well the donald already knows who is going kevin i feel for you  !
remember after this new episode starts  5 minutes !
 @ apseloff realdonaldtrump did you know before the show how immature and confrontational geraldo was ?
 @ elcaminojesus geraldorivera  @ realdonaldtrump your behavior is awful you need to dial down the arrogance !
 @ jbeanlll realdonaldtrump you're the best ! can't imagine where you find the time ! thank you
 @ mcgurricane celebapprentice is back on i love this show hats off to  @ realdonaldtrump for putting together a true masterpiece thank you
 @ andrewjthom realdonaldtrump why does the apprentice intro still show your 727 ? you should show that gorgeous 757 ! you are right
 @ angelathomps realdonaldtrump this is going to be a great  @ apprenticenbc season ! great cast !
 @ erintheresev realdonaldtrump is kate her own charity ? last i checked she doesn't have a job or raise money
 @ mbgrimm02 brandiglanville   @ apprenticenbc i really wish kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments ! !
 @ dcfoodsafety realdonaldtrump mr trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season i am already hooked !
you can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of  @ apprenticenbc 
 @ peachespulliam at  @ trumptowerny this afternoon a wonderful woman it was an honor to donate $25k to her charity 
 @ tokindaddy realdonaldtrump your the man don all the best
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00 am will be talking about many things including the apprentice !
 @ erik my  news feed is nothing but donaldtrump n  @ realgilbert  # celebrityapprentice ! but that's alright with me cuz i love them great minds
 @ wootensmith :    @ rickyvadw  @ kevinjonas i agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy wasnt a fan b4 but am now
 @ shortcakessheep :  i am rooting for  @ realgilbert  @ kevinjonas but if i was on the  # apprentice i would call my friend  @ limbaugh to help
 @ anniedrews :   so glad  # celebapprentice is back ! looks like it will be a fantastic year ! thanks for a great show got out of hosp in time !
 @ kbrozz26 realdonaldtrump i don't watch a lot of tv but couldn't wait for celebrity apprentice it was great ! !
 @ aclrecoveryclub realdonaldtrump i know you went back and forth w/ cuban  i'm convinced  @ apprenticenbc is the best show on tv !
 @ bigdogg1974 realdonaldtrump  @ kateplusmy8 kate looked great and did an amazing job even though no dough she worked very hard !  # truth
 @ missklamert : i hate  @ realdonaldtrump  ! but i have to watch this season of  # theapprentice because it has such an awesome cast  # teamkenya  !
 @ rickyvadw :  gotta say i have  @ kevinjonas winning it all  @ realdonaldtrump social media strategy and seems to know how to spin things
 @ rachelredl :  ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on the apprentice  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ travyj1 :  i wonder how it would be growing up with  @ realdonaldtrump as a father
 @ asedawg89 realdonaldtrump so many women to fire gonna be a cat fight
hope you liked it tune in tomorrow night at 8 : 00 and 9 : 00 for two episodes and two boardrooms ! will be a great evening of television !
 @ marshaabrady realdonaldtrump  @ theapprentice9 i hope it's kate i don't want to look at her again on this show or any other sorry
 @ arizonanflfan realdonaldtrump i love celebrity apprentice the storylines are much better than nfl playoff football
 @ rchunter realdonaldtrump tells the guys go back to  @ trumptowerny and watch if you want to it won't be pretty  # celebapprentice
 @ lanaejonas22 realdonaldtrump it is interesting so far
 @ teisen229 realdonaldtrump great cast ! girls are going to win !
 @ mag0909 realdonaldtrump intense but i would expect nothing less
 @ cav1301 realdonaldtrump kenya moore is an ass ! hope she is fired first ! !
 @ senniec realdonaldtrump all the athletes are doing great !
 @ remember91808 realgilbert and  @ kevinjonas are the best things about this season of  @ apprenticenbc :  can we keep them around until the end
 @ oriontrunk :    @ terrellowens is going to go far because he's a media circus  @ ianziering will come close to winning but shawn can also
 @ kristyhernandez realdonaldtrump yay watching my very favorite show celebrity apprentice and loving it ? ? ?
 @ mumlvs2run kateplusmy8 you look fab ! they were so lucky to have you in the kitchen  ? ?  @ realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc go kate go !
 @ straitblazin realdonaldtrump has an all star cast of celebrities this season of  @ apprenticenbc ! this should be interesting true
 @ apprenticenbc :  nobody wants to be the first one fired isn't that the truth  @ realdonaldtrump  # celebapprentice very sad to be first
 @ stacekop realdonaldtrump geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes
 @ princessrisssss :  i am soo super excited to watch  @ shawnjohnson and donaldtrump on tonight ! two of my favorite people ever she is great
in less than 30 minutes watch the season premiere of  @ apprenticenbc on nbc
 @ chrisj pm ac :  really looking forward to the premier of the apprentice tonight at 9 pm  est on nbcsuch a well executed and captivating show
 @ davidbodner :  so excited for  # thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what  @ realdonaldtrump  @ ivankatrump have in store for us this season !
 @ rosaleeadams realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc i thought it would never start again
 @ rustyhook2 :    @ apprenticenbc i just watched the tease on you tube terrelljohnny and kate won't be there for long we will see
 @ sistertrue realdonaldtrump can't wait love this show helps me realize so many things !
 @ cherylynn6464 realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc looking forward to your show and especially seeing joan rivers she did a great job !
 @ yurdreamwoman apprenticenbc  @ realdonaldtrump would be great to have obama on his show so the don can fire his arsss
 @ wouldnotmind apprenticenbc  @ ivankatrump  @ realdonaldtrump  :  i know and we are ready  who is going to win  ? my girl  @ kenyamoore
 @ theshowoff85 :  too excited to seeing my two favourite people on tv together on one show that's  @ realdonaldtrump and  @ kenyamoore
 @ trudyunis realdonaldtrump  @ puppyslug our country need something never seen so much division as the last  years
 @ puppyslug realdonaldtrump will you run ? will you run for president ? mr trump your nation needs you !  # saveoursouls stay tuned thanks !
 @ rexhispaniae realdonaldtrump will be watching with my entire family we are so happy you're back on tv mr trump ! huge fans here !
i will be commenting live on sunday night 9 to 11 on twitter  celebrity apprentice will be great this season  amazing cast !
 @ aanders07 realdonaldtrump i am actually excited for the weekend to be over so i can watch the celebrity apprentice ! can't wait ! enjoy !
 @ veryodddog realdonaldtrump you are a good christian ! you are right ! also you should be presedent ! the sooner the better !  # trump
 @ nicknlawrie realdonaldtrump if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded
 @ fredosantanass realdonaldtrump is a great leader and definitely someone i look up to great role model thanks
 @ stevencena35 realdonaldtrump look awesome in home alone 2 lost new york you look great in the movie today in  @ abcfamily
 @ joshhadleysays realdonaldtrump  @ dungyots yes a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s who knew
 @ frisbiekaren realdonaldtrump  # celebrityapprentice my secret addiction ! now only if you would do a regular people edition
 @ photocritic :  oh please please please let  @ realdonaldtrump run for president that would make my year
 @ madrina26 realdonaldtrump so excited for sunday and celebrity apprentice you will love it wild !
 @ diannelea1958 apprenticenbc  @ realdonaldtrump  @ channelguide so excited for this season it may be one of the best and most vicious ever
 @ alphaquintesson realdonaldtrump please run for president you got my vote  ?
 @ felixwhiskas :  if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop ! instead make your work more pleasurable   @ realdonaldtrump
 @ ericleebow realdonaldtrump hope you finally run for president that should be your new year's resolution good thought !
 @ archangeljf12 realdonaldtrump palm beach is one of the greatest places in the world to live trumppotus2016  # happynewyear
 @ jmcafee23 realdonaldtrump please run for president this country needs you !
 @ danwolff22 realdonaldtrump i believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was ! mr trump for president ! thanks dan !
 @ paulparmar1 realdonaldtrump so excited for  @ apprenticenbc thank you for creating such an amazing show  # celebapprentice enjoy it thanks
 @ jaayzen grandmiapens he has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around ! run ! don't let us hit the iceberg !
 @ jaayzen realdonaldtrump thanks donald now run for president ! fulfill your purpose ! to much is given much is required
 @ ronmeier123 macys your apparel is unparalleled ! in order to outsmart the rest you always need to be looking your best ! trump 2016 !
 @ jobsnarechs :  negotiation tip   the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it   @ realdonaldtrump so true !
 @ djspookyshadow :  feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014 sincerely wishing u more success to come !
 @ cpetelis realdonaldtrump if you run for president i a democrat will vote for you watched merideth show on 12/22
 @ sellingva realdonaldtrump :  sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war
 @ frankpuggi realdonaldtrump  @ realdonaldtrump if one man could get this fucking country back together donald trump can i admire him
where’s the electability ? jeb is losing to hrc by 13 points a bush will never beat a clinton wake up  @ gop !
this sunday at 9/8c the real playoffs begin with the premiere of  @ apprenticenbc ! game on in the boardroom 
 @ realdbp realdonaldtrump  @ rinibobusepi mr trump will you consider running for president ? the country needs you
 @ ronmeier123  @ bryabntshirley1 even the elf on the shelf is starting to get restless ! on january 4th the apprentice is going to be great !
 @ notnottildaswin realdonaldtrump mr trump we need your kind of art the world needs more of your poetry of profit a true artist !
 @ paulynesian :  you got to love  @ realdonaldtrump enjoyed his inspiring wordsall the way from down under !
 @ fannespears realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends always enjoy your common sense wish the ones in office would use theirs
 @ tpgraf82 realdonaldtrump great job on  @ foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another  # clinton
 @ paxtonpete :  please rt ? very sick 8 year old british girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment 
 @ twinroj realdonaldtrump im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american  # trump2016
 @ marriamf :  my bday just been so perfect so far  ? ? only way it will be better if my inspiration  @ realdonaldtrump wishes me happy bday  ? ?
can the relationship between the mayor of new york city and the police force ever be fixed ?  tune in to  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 15
 @ sheryllaine :  donaldtrump not one thing about yod.c.ot loved 2016 president ! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise
i will be on  @ foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7 : 15 hope you enjoy and agree !
 @ shantigtantig :  the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president  # weneedyou
 @ shantigtantig :  the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president  # weneedyou thanks
 @ michiganman567 ronmeier123  @ lookupfolks i would like to see  @ realdonaldtrump in the debates his america first ideas need to be heard
 @ stingerinc :  good thing i tuned into this steelers/bengals nfl game on nbc as i found out that donald's  @ apprenticenbc starts next sunday !
 @ lizmpizz :  off to stay at the trump chicago end of the holidays dinner with the fam  @ realdonaldtrump  @ chicagocut
 @ benfromdallas realdonaldtrump 2016 president the world needs a real business man not a political putter from the bush ward
 @ lillywinfree realdonaldtrump you are so wise cant wait until youre president !  ? trumpwinfree2016
 @ lizbaregu realdonaldtrump you would make a great gop president mr trump ? ? ?
 @ itisjohndoe :  merry christmas mr but this country can't have a truly merry christmas until you are in the whitehouse as our president
 @ winpropp realdonaldtrump time for a great president you are needed urgently
 @ sparkleawin realdonaldtrump any chance of working w/ @ vincemcmahon again soon always vince is a great guy and a winner !
 @ snurk realdonaldtrump is xmas present i want 2016 ! not just a happy holiday ! the most importent day in the world if  # trump is prez !
 @ benfromdallas :  if i tweet anything in 2015 it should be  @ realdonaldtrump for president if the world wants to see another 20 years
 @ garyleelogan1 realdonaldtrump i heard ya might run in 2016we the people need a presidentnot one like owebumma  !
 @ cyrustvirus :  the only thing i asked for as xmas gifts this year are a  @ realdonaldtrump presidential campaign and a bofa !  # trump2016
 @ itsryanhilton realdonaldtrump marry christmas to the future president of the united states !  well america would be great again thanks
 @ sassypantsjj :  merry christmas ! can't wait 4 celebrity apprenctice my favorite show on tv need more than 1 a year ! i will ep it for you !
 @ moniquehorsey realdonaldtrump merry christmas ! hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day thank you
 @ randallburton20 realdonaldtrump merry christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
 @ savehicno1 realdonaldtrump  @ mooovinon i will gladly be your campaign manager donald i wanted you to be president last election
 @ coalcitizens :  all i want for christmas is  @ realdonaldtrump to run for president !
 @ fsdiva06 :  santaall i want for christmas 1my kids to be healthy 2to pay off all our debt be debt free 3 donaldtrump become president
 @ notnottildaswin realdonaldtrump always admired you you are the man who'll fight for the american dream !
 @ matttemplin realdonaldtrump i'm waiting for the day i can put a check mark next to your name for president
 @ jackshallis realdonaldtrump if u ran for president i would vote for you !
 @ jimmycapo65 realdonaldtrump i would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me happy holidays !
 @ nickzizzo77 :  i'm not calling  @ realdonaldtrump out or anything but how about you run for president ? !  watch !
latin america’s tallest building  @ trumppanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the new year in luxury 
 @ n7batchelor :  what  @ realdonaldtrump had to say about al sharpton was spot on wish more americans would speak their minds about him
 @ lucyjen33 realdonaldtrump very excited for the new season of apprentice a very diverse group of individuals
 @ garrettcox :  mr trump very excited for the new season of the celebrity apprentice ! incredible show always top level television
 @ maxdub12 :  still one of my all time favorite cameos down the hall and to the left  @ realdonaldtrump  # homealone  # classic
 @ mikeolmusic : i absolutely love your family mr trump i'm a humongous admirer of you and your family can't wait to see the next season
 @ mikeolmusic :   celebrity apprentice i hope nbc has all the episodes online since i got rid of my lousy ass rip off time warner cable
 @ fa6891e38f8f4bf donaldtrump please take me serious america needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads no more bush's in wh or we r done
 @ linseygile :  wise words spoken by donald trump :  sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war
 @ matablets :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothingdonald trump lean from the best !
 @ itstsize :  never realized that  @ realdonaldtrump was in home alone 2 the man does everything  # trump2016
entrepreneurs :  absorb assess and then act don't negate your own power whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it
congrats  @ trumpdoral for being named one of the most notable openings of 2014 from  @ bizbash :  
 @ bernardv777 realdonaldtrump  @ aplemonlemon you would be what the country needs a true buisnessman ! an american citizin that really cares !
 @ denn :  donaldtrump has one of the best twitters out there love him or hate him the man 'gets it' very important for modern leaders imo
on  @ foxandfriends in two minutes !
 @ lanejh realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends i always watch your monday morning interviews on fox and they are all fantastic trump for potus !
will be interviewed on  @ foxandfriends tomorrow morning  monday  at  8 : 00 much to talk about !
 @ eyedusa realdonaldtrump you are the only man to save america !
 @ gaildemarest realdonaldtrump i agree mrtrump should run for presidenthas brains and integrityplease get this country back on track
 @ christophercud1 realdonaldtrump you can walk away with this job :  go go
 @ frickylie realdonaldtrump so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice been a big fan since like 4th grade  great !
 @ vladimirrussia7 realdonaldtrump  : be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions push yourself you can do it think big !
 @ harveypelovsky realdonaldtrump we need you badly to run for president you are a patriot and we desperately need one run ! ! !
 @ tearsofthedying realdonaldtrump this will be our year to shine
 @ veryodddog :  i hope  @ realdonaldtrump runs in 2016 ! we need new blood and mr trump is the one to do it ! you will have my vote sir !
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” – walt disney
romney was the architect of obamacare bush’s chief justice legalized the monstrosity notice a trend ?
 # flashbackfriday just after i did my renovation in central park of  @ trumprink 
my  @ greta interview discussing why we do not need another bush 
not so smart after all … man with name on duke law library must pay me legal fees after trump trial victory
should have settled … ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory
pigs get slaughtered … again  ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory
another clip from my  @ greta interview discussing why sony should not have capitulated to the hackers 
amy pascal of sony was totally used by rev al sharpton she should be fired for stupidity
 # tbt it is great being part of home alone 2 a holiday staple 
 @ jeremywinder :  we need  @ realdonaldtrump in office guide this country back to its roots ! !
 @ earlallencarr realdonaldtrump that's why we need and want you to run for president
 @ rblairbrown :  this sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a trump presidency in place run mr trump we need you !
 @ karenmonsour12 realdonaldtrump  @ vote4wallace come on mr trump we need you ! otherwise what you enjoy doing right now won't exist !
 @ dxdelafu :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump :  the last thing this country needs is another bush ! or another clinton
 @ eileenjael realdonaldtrump  @ carrienguns do you think the bushes knew justice roberts was going to pull an obamacare stunt like that ?
 @ teeroyd realdonaldtrump you told america what needs to happen with china trade jobs ectso you need to run  2016 !
my  @ fox news  int with  @ teamcavuto on the state of world affairs economy the bushes etc  
story written by a  @ huffingtonpost reporter that the huffpost refused to print total bias but we will prevail ! 
tweet me your new year's resolution to make america great again !  # trumpnewyearsres 
obama attacks the cia for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the islamist crosshairs
“donald trump on jeb bush :  ‘the last thing we need is another bush’” 
with miami’s top  # newyearseve vacation package  @ trumpdoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015 
 @ scottishrecipes :  we have added macleod house in aberdeen  @ trumpscotland to our best restaurants in scotland page at 
 @ ferlpb realdonaldtrump government should spend that on fighting isis run for president donald you can do it
 @ dpinsen realdonaldtrump america needs to be renovated like the wollman rink  and you're the man to do it
 @ itsbenhorsfall realdonaldtrump i live in australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president is this true ?  stay tuned !
 @ pianobecca :  amercia really needs a man like  @ realdonaldtrump and why settle for like him ? usa needs trump !  thanks !
 @ derekvarsalona realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends listening to you now you are great
 @ gabriellamileti :  she should be terminated for being stupid best quote of the day from the   @ foxandfriends  # betterwithfriends
 @ sailingj realdonaldtrump you just made me laugh the sony women is stupid for calling al charlatan
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00  in 10 minutes have a great day all !
can you believe that sony chief amy pascal wants to meet with al sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs al is laughing at her !
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump i think you should be barbara walters' most fascinating person of 2014 i agree but have already been twice !
 @ jetsbb realdonaldtrump that win will have massive ramifications for the next decade a very bleak day for the  @ nyjets i agree !
 @ 888maggie888 apprenticenbc i want to see  @ realdonaldtrump  ! he has the best hair in the biz you know ! his wife is  amazing too !
 @ gdestefano95 :  anyone else like to see trump in office ? he's an american patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy !
 @ seankesser realdonaldtrump people with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in  # us and obama wants to bring in more immigrants
 @ hersheykissling :  i'd have to say that  @ realdonaldtrump has one of the best accounts on twitter
 @ jackwitty :  i don't want a party as my president i want a decisiveconfident leader  @ realdonaldtrump will fire china give us a spark
 @ tray24u1 realdonaldtrump :  if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss ?
 @ pianobecca realdonaldtrump is so right about everything for sure ! not olny is he smart he has business experence that makes good  # prez
 @ pianobecca realdonaldtrump when will you anounce your running for presedent ? thousands milllions have baited breath we need you !
“some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the worldthe marines don't have that problem” ronald reagan
 @ constancemcn realdonaldtrump :  donald i am in love and admire you ! run for president in 2016 and all will be well !
 @ pianobecca :  i am going to vote for  @ realdonaldtrump in 2016 because we need a leader with vision !
 @ peterday20 realdonaldtrump love how you speak your mind  well somebody has to !
 @ redvetttes realdonaldtrump  @ itsryanhilton if he tells china where to go he has my vote
 @ theladycolors realdonaldtrump  @ itsryanhilton he would be the very best of what this country needs today !
 @ pianobecca :  nothing more important for america to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump obama pronto elect mrtrump asap !  # prez
 @ itsryanhilton honestly can't wait fortrump to announce he is running for president  a strong no bs leader who will put america 1st
 @ pianobecca :  this is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in history napolion alexander the great richard ect donaldtrump rules !
 @ maxtucci ucfoundation  # maralago  you have the best staff it's always a pleasure doing events at your home 
 @ nathangc realdonaldtrump saw the trailer for apprentice bring it on !
 @ timbowoods realdonaldtrump mr trump i always enjoy your calls to the howard stern show when can we expect your next one ? soon !
 @ al4uk realdonaldtrump was in chicago and saw your sign on your building it looks great ! !
 @ jimrobbins1973 :  donaldtrump the new world trade center is probably target  # 1 for terrorists that's the reason for the maximum security
people are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new world trade center durst is a terrible manager tenants furious !
 @ itsryanhilton :  vote  @ realdonaldtrump for a no bs president and let's make america the greatest country again
 @ joelde :  you rt'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back ?  no never !
 @ donnafins realdonaldtrump america needs a potus who builds golf courses not hangs out on them ! please become our next potus !
 @ joelleangeli :  donaldtrump for president ! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance ! you'd have my vote !
 @ pianobecca realdonaldtrump donald trump will make america strong again ! like it used to be !  # tump2016 so true !
 @ ronmeier123 :  the strongest leader in this world and beyond is the man who is a forward thinker ! mrtrump for president in 2016 !
 @ alexbrochesmtv :  want to see real change america ? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy !
 @ bbcoachkk realdonaldtrump  @ thetylers who needs sleep when your the one and only  # donaldtrump  ?
 @ zackbaird52 realdonaldtrump for president in 2016 you have my vote
 @ getawaysgolf :  if i could write one book in the next 5 years it would be following the donaldtrump and  @ tigerwoods partnership in dubai
 @ michhamber :  seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is  @ realdonaldtrump  ! please run for president  ? ?
 @ thetylers realdonaldtrump your line in home alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
 @ harpers1niter realdonaldtrump let's just put you in the white house now
 @ nottinghams1 fwproud  # johnroberts biggest turncoat of them all we know what  # obamathedestroyer is but jr pretends to be  # conservative
 @ zandio realdonaldtrump where is the leadership to calm our senses as these protests continue ?  # stopdividingtheusa
president obama gruber and all of the other obama cronies got obamacare passed by lies and fraudulent statements courts should overturn !
 @ mikebayham :  watching home alone 2 on amc first time in decadesdidn't realize  @ realdonaldtrump was in it i was !
“the longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning”   @ jacknicklaus
 @ abaker20 :    @ realdarrin i'm so excited for this upcoming season of  # celebrityapprentice this looks like it's going to be amazing
 @ fackinpeter :  i don't care what  @ time says  @ realdonaldtrump is my person of the year
 @ wendijo24 realdonaldtrump so excited for  # celebrityapprentice looks like a great group of people ! !
 @ savehicno1 realdonaldtrump yes mr trump your a shoe in to win run donald run
 @ bernardv777 realdonaldtrump  @ pianobecca you are and always will be the man ! please run !
 @ eggmac1 :  “ @ realdonaldtrump :  wow just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year just played it today it was great
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump the view was terrible today i feel sad for abc !  rosie killed what was once a very good show  no ratings !
 @ patricktrushell :  serious todayhad to break out the  @ realdonaldtrump tie for this deal today 
 @ wps1879ltd :  we are spending the day at the  # nyconf and look forward to the keynote presentation from  @ realdonaldtrump  great !
 @ shoot69towin :  i went to doral over the holidayshave to say it was everything i expected a trump facility to be staff is exceptional
i'll be on  @ foxandfriends this morning at 7 : 00 so much to talk about !
 @ ap pm aster12 realdonaldtrump would get my vote for president any day  # america
 @ josethepaisa realdonaldtrump mr trump do you know how sad it's to have a potus that ignored remembrance of pearl harbor ?so un patriotic
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump i can't wait to watch you on  @ foxandfriends tomorrow i'm sure you have some wise thoughts about  # ericgarner
 @ victahh11 realdonaldtrump :  entrepreneurs :  believe in yourself ! if you don't no one else will either
 @ aroy0317 :  the celebrity apprentice is back january 4th and i can't wait to see  @ realdonaldtrump pick people apart in the boardroom
 @ chrisr2014 :  i will step over them to buy a  @ realdonaldtrump tie
 @ cc1285 realdonaldtrump please run for president  so many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there  ! !
 @ dietztaa9 :  if donald trump ran for president he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone
 @ vidopisugam :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa
 @ tpratt31 : just saw the iconic donaldtrump while watching  # homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later ! what's in the ny water ?
 @ bucezoxisesu realdonaldtrump reading an all time favorite trump :  the art of the deal ! a must read !
 @ realpro4real :  the best advice you can get in a book ! trump :  the art of the deal 
“you can’t wear a blindfold in business a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons” – trump :  how to get rich
the cast of the new season of apprenticenbc premieres january 4th on nbc 
 @ jagbarron finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good   # celebrityapprentice   
“each excellent thing once learned serves for a measure of all other knowledge”  philip sidney
 @ ovotim realdonaldtrump you should definitely run for president and fix this country
 @ adamsteinbaugh realdonaldtrump please please please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning
 @ saggaswagga realdonaldtrump i believe in america and i believe in you mrtrump ! you will bring real good change to america !  # trump2016
 @ shelbytaylor3 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president i would have hopes for this country again
 @ jdbailey08 murphytasha and i think  @ realdonaldtrump should run for president make it happen sir
 @ aphonapelma realdonaldtrump love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the white house :  you're fired !
 @ enlightea :  the celeb apprentice is the best of both worldsreal business lessons plus very entertaining celebrity stars ! can't wait
 @ kaitlinbunch realdonaldtrump do you like the make a wish foundation ?  yes !
 @ dunkarooney realdonaldtrump your cameo in home alone 2 was some top notch stuff you should be in more movies
 @ hufseyg realdonaldtrump i convince my teachers daily why you should run for president  ? ?
 @ crowhogan33 :  so glad i'm able to vote now so if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president i can vote for him
 @ dankonservative realdonaldtrump  @ tlrchrstphrbrsn don't you think you are exactly what the us needs ! yes !
 @ holacatarina :  if i could meet anyone in the world i'd want to meet   @ realdonaldtrump  # lovehim
 @ leenall :  why not take on the greatest challenge donald trump has ever faced making this country great again now that's a legacy ! !
 @ striketrump :  hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow just wondering if i could get a birthday tweet i admire you !
 @ samcgirl :  ok people it has to be said :  the new season of  # celebrityapprentice looks fabulous !  @ realdonaldtrump i cannot wait ! !
 @ samcgirl dmartinmmxii  @ realdonaldtrump i can put politics aside for the sheer love i have for  # celebrityapprentice  seriously ? ? ? ?
 @ stewy1510 realdonaldtrump  @ thefulldish u should run for president and help us out of it
in the very least congress must defund obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order
it’s tuesday how many more ‘the view’ execs will leak that they want  @ rosie gone ? show is failing
yesterday our national debt topped a record $18t over 44 has accrued under obama a real mess
brainpower is the ultimate leverage keep your focus intact !
via  news max nice article thank you so much   
 @ 1kathleen75 realdonaldtrump  @ tmzpolitics because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us i truly believe this true !
 @ brad202b :  i can't believe they let her back on the view she's god awful aswell anything “ @ realdonaldtrump  
 @ deannalea celebritytroll  true but america is starved for leadership and he's our best option ted cruz etc are canned rhetoric
 @ bjkizer74 :  mrtrump i love that you are crushing the  # cowardinchief on social media as a former marine i have zero respect for  # obummer
 @ bjkizer74 realdonaldtrump please run in 2016 america needs a potus with balls to stop america from being a worldwide laughingstock
 @ tmzpolitics :  say what you want about this isis would not exist under president  @ realdonaldtrump
rosie o’donnell went after me again on the view in order to stir up her failing ratings nothing will help her @ rosie always fails
ratings way down show irrelevant why haven't they learned ?  @ rosie always fails
the usga boy's junior champion at trump national golf club bedminster just won the australian open we are proud of you   @ jordanspieth
 @ msmoldt realdonaldtrump the american dream is alive and well good interview on  @ fox news  this am  # gytu  ? ?
 @ cmille realdonaldtrump is a real individual  very brilliant man !  thank you
 @ ronmeier123 realdonaldtrump you can never be wrong if you vote for mr trump in 2016 ! he is the right man for president ! happy sunday !
 @ jhasseyjr abunnieslife :  mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir ! thank
 @ abunnieslife :  mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir ! 
 @ nancymiracle realdonaldtrump please run for president you would be a wonderful leader thank you !
 @ brianfinn96 realdonaldtrump hope to see you back in doonbeg as president of usa
 @ giantsandles :  only  @ realdonaldtrump can get the economy back on track clean up the government i agree stay tuned !
 @ tylerclodfelter realdonaldtrump found your locker at trump national we had an awesome time 
 @ bugsben20 realdonaldtrump run for prez the country needs you !
 @ intheelections realdonaldtrump we can do it with you leading us trump 2016
 @ joshhasadog :  me with don and sarah we went out for pizza that night remember  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump some nights i think to myself that its a darn shame mr trump isnt in office
 @ olyagradova realdonaldtrump please tell me you are at least considering running for president please please please  i am !
 @ tip66 realdonaldtrump we all love you in australia visit us when you’re president a great place !
 @ goinghan realdonaldtrump i am over career politicians we need someone who knows business in washington i'm rooting for you mr trump
 @ polomurillo101 realdonaldtrump we all love you in mexico donald ! you are our role model !  thanks !
 @ tigers2iron realdonaldtrump  @ pianobecca when is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made ?  stay tuned !
 @ jerrysan52 :   now that is a combohe needs ride along rt  @ jebburtonracing :  got to meet the man donald trump  ? 
 @ tylerthekicker :  donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song many agree !
 @ southheastt :  on this joyous holiday i am thankful to  @ realdonaldtrump for being the bright light that guides america home
 @ sanfransuperman tmz  @ realdonaldtrump :   trump should be the next president of the us guy is a genius !
 @ slimshady2o3 realdonaldtrump you should run for president donald you would make one hell of a president !
 @ mattygucci realdonaldtrump this nation will be on the right track once i see your name on the presidential ballot  # trump2016 thanks
 @ rafaelmerrydel1 :  the carter family thanksgiving will be a bit happier as obama officially becomes the worst president in history
find something for everyone on your list with this holiday gift guide from  @ trumpsoho on  @ trumpcollection's tumblr :  
 @ bmariebrown99 realdonaldtrump i think you would be an awesome leader for the country !
 @ spencemac96 realdonaldtrump please win presidency of the united states of america
 @ tylermostdope realdonaldtrump i am definitely voting for this man right here  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ jsandoval7 realdonaldtrump i look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot
 @ up1775 ritaevelynyanez  @ realdonaldtrump yeah true but hey he would be a good president
 @ ogrumple realdonaldtrump has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016  !
 @ longviewmayor realdonaldtrump you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am how do you have so much energy ? seriously ! ? good genes !
 @ imdruchainz realdonaldtrump if you run for president you'll make our country great again i agree thanks !
there is nothing  @ trumpsoho did not think about for the holidays   @ robbreport dives in :  
if you love it own it  @ trumpcondoslv bring unparalleled style elegance and world class amenities to las vegas 
 @ therealzach49 :  this is why we need  @ realdonaldtrump in office  @ barackobama doesn't know how to keep order
 @ abdulakbarzai1 :    @ therealzach49 realdonaldtrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what obama destroyed
why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in ferguson at 9 : 00 in the evening  a prime time for riots ! not smart
iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal iran is tapping along our bad negotiators !
fact – amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform
premiering on january 4th the 14th season of  @ apprenticenbc will have major fireworks every episode the board room is electric !
rated  @ golfmagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country trump int’l palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes 
congratulations to chuck hagel on one of the shortest tenures as sec of defense another terrible appointee by obama
 @ ddrocks777  @ realdonaldtrump cannot wait for the newest season of the celebrity apprentice ! i've been a huge fan since it started great !
defense sechagel has quit great  news  for our country the guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies couldn't even speak
 @ jordanmeuleners realdonaldtrump you will always be one of my idols ! thank you
 @ jurisprude1 : donaldtrump obama comes to australia and makes a speech against our  pm  at a time we're fighting together in iraq run please !
 @ e1e5672d96c747c : mr trumpwe need you in officewe need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize our countryyour fired !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00  there is much to talk about sadly !  enjoy !
 @ jaskulskidiane :    @ mileswynn3  @ cahlrstorrie  @ jennifer75ar we would have the best economy in the world with him as president ! true !
 @ mileswynn3 cahlrstorrie  @ jennifer75ar trump would be  #  1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately i do not think so just watch !
 @ sallyann :  donaldtrump  @ jennifer75ar  @ cahlrstorrie does donald trump want to be president ? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
 @ mileswynn3  @ jennifer75ar  @ cahlrstorrie guys trump is busy running the trump brand he is not going to take a step down as president watch
 @ tracylynnclark1 :    @ yllsadiku mister trump please run for president this country needs you badly and i would vote for you in a heart beat
 @ devinsmrekar realdonaldtrump how much did you enjoy hosting nascar ?  they are great people
 @ yllsadiku realdonaldtrump such a nice guy such a perfect leader  i want to see you in the white house  ! mrpesident dtrump thanks
 @ mrinsaf realdonaldtrump are you running for president ? you have my vote
 @ kellykoson :  why do people think that  @ realdonaldtrump is going to run for president in 2016 ?because the country is a total mess right now
 @ ghostofxerxes realdonaldtrump we need you to bring common sense to washington dcin 2016 the white house gets trumped !
 @ grammasu52 :  plz mr trump if anyone can expose the  # truth about  # obama you can ! how many more lies does  # america have to listen to ?
 @ montanawoman56 realdonaldtrump i bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer great results
 @ dudum234 realdonaldtrump  @ drdardano  @ trumplasvegas donald you are my model in life since i first saw you i was14 years then respect !
 @ drrita39 realdonaldtrump i merely follow mr trump because he is a fascinating observation of power
 @ jackwitty realdonaldtrump  @ sidelinesev ~nice view but better one would be you sitting in the oval office
 @ realsquezz realdonaldtrump is a real american and he knows what we want  # presidenttrump2016
 @ lp084 realdonaldtrump gosh you're an early riser is that why you get a lot done ? it helps !
 @ aaronschock  aaron it was great to meet you at trump tower also really good job on television !
 @ ronmeier123 :  january 20th 2017 will be a victorious day in america mr trump if you run ! for you will be sworn in as the 45th president !
 @ kornegaydanna spicedevilz mr trump you're a nice looking gentleman period i think you look nice hair and all ignore the jealous
 @ jdougherty3 :  boys in the hood call me the black donald trump great !
 @ nehemiahisrael realdonaldtrump are u running for president in 2016 or not ?  we will soon see !
 @ colinmeeks :  i would love to see  @ realdonaldtrump on  @ abcsharktank any shot of that thanks but the apprentice starts on jan 4
“be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business” – think like a champion
entrepreneurs :   keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
with multiple space options  @ trumpchicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding  
 @ blairkamin sorry sucker as usual you lose again you couldn't work for me for 10 seconds bad critic great sign 
i enjoyed meeting with  @ mattblunt  @ trumptowerny to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation many us jobs are at stake
“success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character”  arnold palmer
 @ jakemurray32  @ realdonaldtrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success  # trump2016  thank you
open for the 2014 season maralago club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world 
“get in get it done get it done right get out” – fred c trump my father !
for those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name the name global warming wasn’t working
 @ rafaelmerrydel1 realdonaldtrump can obama salvage his presidency by going to ferguson and bringing peace ?  no !
 @ ettuandyou realdonaldtrump i've got to tell you i love love love the trump in toronto
 @ sgrifkin :  donaldtrump when will you next appear on television ? i am very interested in your opinion of the current nyc realestate market
 @ joblink31 realdonaldtrump trump is so important that every time he's makes a decision it's good for the economy 
“the true competitors are the ones who always play to win” – tom brady  @ patriots
at least obamacare/romneycare architect gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by obama gang of liars
looking for an excuse not to cook for thanksgiving ? many nyc outlets will delivery a full meal including  @ trumpsoho 
obamacare/romneycare architect gruber was paid over $6m with our tax dollars yet obama only claims he ‘was some adviser’
 @ ronmeier123 foxandfriends you are exactly what america needs going forward ! mr trump for president in 2016 is a smart bet !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends  in ten minutes  enjoy !
 @ greggorymc realdonaldtrump  @ miorlano14 i truly hope trump runs  ! it would be simply fantastic  ! do it dt  do it plz 
 @ mtrisner  @ foxandfriends looking forward to ityou need a permanent position there  they would like that big league  but i have no time !
 @ miorlano14 :  if donald trump ran for president i would vote for him in a heartbeat
  # laskerrink  we do not do the maintenance on lasker rink that is done by new york city
“ @ trumpferrypoint  a brand new championship golf course in nyc developed by donald trump and anyone can play it” 
left new hampshire for turnberry in scotland which i am renovating this place is incredible !  @ trumpturnberry
obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab net neutrality is the fairness doctrine will target conservative media
flying to new hampshire to keynote the  @ loebschool first amendment award ceremony always great to visit the granite state !
congratulations to  @ trumpdoral for being named one of  @ linksmagazine's great destinations :  
congrats  @ jeangeorgesnyc for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world ! 
 @ nstaicer realdonaldtrump visited  @ trumpwinery over the weekend very impressive and we will be going back soon !
looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state !
looking forward to keynoting the nackey s loeb school of communications first amendment awards event tomorrow in new hampshire
happy  # veteransday to all  and it is nice to have sgt andrew tahmooressi back home
it is my great honor to send $25000 to sgt andrew tahmooressi  # marinefreed
each and every new event space at  @ trumpdoral looks stunning see the transformation for yourself :  
 @ us news travel :  a spacious hotel room is a rarity in nyc just one of the perks of staying  @ trumpnewyork :  
 @ hillarysusans :  children not spoiled celebrities who did something right ? you did ! no entitlement mentality  # trumpforpresident
 @ yurdreamwoman  @ realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
 @ lucasflavin :  one of my goals in life is to eventually do business with  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ dianashane4ever realdonaldtrump donald trump is selfmade which gives him lots above other candidates plus obviously a great president
 @ mountainstate82 realdonaldtrump donald make 2016 happen let's do business with countries of financial interest no more aid on demand
 @ heatherchilders  you are doing a great job heather !
 @ iananderson13 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president i would vote for him !
 @ cfogarty1964 tp teleprompter president :  when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a tp
i will be doing  @ foxandfriends at 800 am
 @ jacquel80505769 realdonaldtrump i am from jacksonkentucky and we need you for president mr trump  i agree thanks
 @ djdwain realdonaldtrump please run mr trump if anyone can save this country it is you sir
 @ ivoryrymes realdonaldtrump please run the american ppl need you !
 @ toddriddolls realdonaldtrump whether you run or notyou play one hell of a chess game  !  # life
remember we don't get any oil from iraq china gets whatever isis hasn't already taken so why isn't china sending the troops ? too smart !
 @ thepizzapopo :  it feels like i've been waiting for the  @ apprenticenbc forever ! ! i'm so happy and ready for this season  @ realdonaldtrump
autism speaks' bob and suzanne wright will address the pontifical council on health care workers at the vatican in rome november 2022
 @ itsmarcela2you realdonaldtrump i would vote for you ! you could run this country to success !
 @ tjcnue realdonaldtrump  @ frankcaliendo thank you both for appearing on  @ mikeandmike making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable
 @ luthrice realdonaldtrump you're the only person who has any clue about our government !  # donaldforprez
 @ chancesare420 realdonaldtrump good morning big guy here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today  :  
 @ benpack3521 espngreeny  @ realdonaldtrump  @ frankcaliendo that was very well done ! thanks for a good laugh to start the day !
 @ robertpizorno :  i really want to hear  @ realdonaldtrump say you're fired to reid and pelosi
 @ cosclubofphila realdonaldtrump  @ dashjohnston we need your kind of honesty desperately please get into the presidential race
 @ reglarwiglar :    @ heelshoops23 trump would make a very very good potus he is really really smart and makes great business decisions
 @ bobbyblanton1 realdonaldtrump you're right ! this country is falling apart ! we need a strong leader ! one that will take no bs
 @ gsthomas3 :  donaldtrump :  last year my premiums went up 46 this year another 220 clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
watch this video of my wonderful golf club  @ trumpnationalcn in beautiful colts necknj 
 @ heelshoops23 realdonaldtrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform why not run for pres ?
 @ irishwill1344 :  babe ruth would have hated you you know this right “you just can't beat the person who never gives up” – babe ruth
“you just can't beat the person who never gives up” – babe ruth
why did  @ agschneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on election day ? and this is our ag
fact – every successful gop senate candidate just elected ran on repealing obamacare in january it’s time to move !
 @ lukebryanonline you were great on the apprentice ! congrats on your big cma win i promise i won't take credit for your successful career !
 @ cherylglitters realdonaldtrump you would definately have my vote !
 @ angiedrue jimmcvey1 i hope all the r's will stay strong and stand up to owe need closed bdrs no common core lower taxes for bns
 @ winpropp realdonaldtrump its time the world is ready for your leadership
 @ bobbyellis10 realdonaldtrump for president please at least make a run for it
 @ foloalona realdonaldtrump donald trump is ruthless his presidency will make people sweat but there will be real progress
 @ therealzach49 realdonaldtrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what obama destroyed
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump endorsed  @ leezeldin early on and he pulled off a real upset  sounds like  # trump2016 just gained a few points
 @ topraktlay realdonaldtrump now that republicans are dominating the house all america needs now mr trump is you for 2016 president
 @ alsinclair11 realdonaldtrump should honestly be our president
 @ beautifulblusky :  now that republicans are dominating the house all america needs now mr trump is you for 2016 president of the usa !
obama’s amnesty executive order can now be stopped by majority leader mcconnell with riders that’s one reason we needed the senate
 # trumpvlog make our country great again ! 
 @ mitchwa realdonaldtrump what a great night for the good guys i'm worried about obama using executive power to pass immigration law
 @ flgovscott :  amazing race tremendous courage  you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason  you have been a great governor !
 @ mikeyjfitz :  something tells me a donaldtrump announcement on if he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of ca
 @ scorpiannes realdonaldtrump siri respectfully request that you save america and run for president
 @ rexhispaniae :  it's been way too long ! looking forward to starting the new year with you back on tv ! love  @ apprenticenbc i can't wait !
 @ shellyshells626 :  i must say that anything donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions smart man ! ? ?
 @ ktlaudy realdonaldtrump so when are you going to start campaigning ?  stay tuned !
 @ troyerjeb :  just ordered the art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump can't wait to read it ?  great
 @ canusee2020 realdonaldtrump rowleyrhonda :  i feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president !  # trump2016
 @ mariadomenique9 realdonaldtrump umm when does  # celebrityapprentice start ? ! my girl vivica a fox is guna be on it so im def watchin ! !
 @ punishment75 realdonaldtrump grab your popcorn because to is on the celebrity apprentice in 2 months
good luck to  @ joniernst you will make a wonderful senator
 @ thomtillis you have run a wonderful campaign good luck today !
 @ austinnoah530 :  just bought  @ realdonaldtrump the art of the deal can't wait to read this  ? ? great !
 @ leksi0731 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president he would have my vote !
 @ jennifer75ar realdonaldtrump awesome job as always ! i love hearing what you have to say every week !  # trump2016
 @ talismanjohnnya realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends whew the week is never the same if you don't do mondays donald !
i will be doing  @ foxandfriends this morning at 8 not 7
 @ seyjohnny :  obama traded 5 low life's from gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter but did nothing for the soldier in mexico
 @ skyscraperlive :  nick all of the folks at trump international next door are wishing you well we will block the strong winds !
 @ mattginellagc  @ gcmorningdrive  matt will be talking about trump national doral tomorrow am terrific guy looking forward to it !
strong debate by  @ perduesenate no question he won we need more business leaders with bold vision to fix washington  # gasen
 @ realsquezz realdonaldtrump if you run for presidency my vote is guaranteed to you !  # trump2016 ! !
 @ patrickmaser realdonaldtrump thank you for being a great example of america success story  thank you so nice
 @ rieysg judgejeanine  @ realdonaldtrump i know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth so true !
 @ treycarpenter3 :  just saw the  @ realdonaldtrump on justice he is probably our best chance to fix this mess barackobama has made  # trump2016
 @ rowleyrhonda :  i feel our country is falling apart by the day possibly by the hours please please please run for president !  # trump2016
 @ shawnrss realdonaldtrump  @ avellacompany1 trump we are all serious you better be president friend
 @ kaeladianne97 realdonaldtrump please run for office we can't have hillary running this country even more downhill ! we need a leader !
 @ bid2buy :  when it takes this long to get a marine back from a country where americans vacation something is wrong  @ realdonaldtrump  # marine
 @ scottsolinger :  thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed marine tahmooressi pathetic it didn't happen sooner
 @ bjones112892 realdonaldtrump is who my vote will go to # trumpforpresident
the five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for isisbad deal ! courtmarshal
 @ gregorygains realdonaldtrump the world needs a strong us president i think mr trump would do great thank you
 @ realmrsciales realdonaldtrump pretty much saved a us marine from a mexican prison on his own where was obama on this one ? thanks
 @ republican81 :  how does mr trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here  ? move along ignorant uneducated punks 
 @ stayongreen :  andrew tahmooressi has been freed by mexico obama didn't do anything but i think that  @ realdonaldtrump did
 @ dubcsmitty : i don't know that much about vladimir putinbut i do know he's a black belt and he's real donaldtrump is a figure of strength
“the achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual” – vince lombardi
the art of the deal business book over 3 million copies sold forbes article from oct 20 2014 
 # tbt with my family growing up i'm on the left 
 @ ewerickson taking my 9yo to nyc next week for a fatherdaughter trip i will take her to see trump tower  architecture done right  thx
jeanne shaheen was the deciding vote for obamacare premiums have skyrocketed 90 for new hampshire send  @ senscottbrown to the senate !
happy birthday  @ ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter !
“no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life” – samuel goldwyn
 @ jeffreyguterman :  years ago t said if us removed saddam hussein from iraq somebody worse would replace him he was right about that isis
 @ kerrygold1914 fox news   @ seanhannity great interview yeah trump said iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlledhe was right
 @ ronmeier123 :  you were right as usual mr trump ! you called for madison bumgarner after game 6 and giants are now world champs !
 @ golfcom donaldtrump's ferry point in nyc will be one of the best public courses in the us says  @ joepassov 
“when you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat” – president ronald reagan
“trump on obama :  ‘i never thought it would be this bad’”  
 @ bthornton66 :  if you were to run for president you'd have my vote ! you're what this country needs !  # trumpforpresident  # trump2016
 @ kauainj realdonaldtrump most of us know you would run the us with heart  @ seanhannity  so true !
 @ cindylestrada seanhannity  @ realdonaldtrump good interview we definitely need more conservatives to speak up
 @ mainu586 hannity  @ realdonaldtrump you good sir are a great american and created a lot of jobs not like a looney lib ! god bless
 @ ballstatect :  i tweet about sportsbut if  @ realdonaldtrump would run for potus he would beat hillary and get us back on track  # yourefired
president obama strongly considering a plan to bring nonus citizens with ebola to the united states for treatment now i know he's nuts !
success requires 100 of your focus and 100 of your effort don't sell yourself short
“i believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner”   @ joetorre
 @ fapyvaquzoci :  enough politicians ! we need a business man to get this country back on track !  @ realdonaldtrump for prez 2016 !
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning don't waste time treading water
i wonder how officials  @ texastech feel now after treating coach mike leach with so little respect after their loss to  @ tcufootball 8227 ?
 @ treesappp realdonaldtrump helluva job donald i expected nothing less speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct
 @ djdwain realdonaldtrump mr trump i truly enjoy your insite and opinions please run for president the usa needs your leadership
 @ moosetaz realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of america yep this is obama america sad
 @ katlynne1994 realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends power to this man ! he cares about this country
will be on  @ foxandfriends at 700 30 minutes a great deal to talk about including ebola quarantine
 @ thebingle realdonaldtrump  @ riannarichards donald trump said that before the virus' made it to us that's what i do !
 @ melanyalvilla realdonaldtrump you are my role model ? ? such an amazing man thank you
 @ riannarichards :  this is why i agree with donald trump :  they should ban flights from  # ebola infected countries from entering the us
 @ tylerrice199 mikericcardi  @ realdonaldtrump easily he is one of the most intelligent among america he would win over hilary  thanks !
 @ mickeybeaupre realdonaldtrump i wish you would run for president mr trump we need you god bless you
 @ gam :  barackobama as one of your employers are you really just turning your back on isreal ? ?  trump for  # president i'm rdy 4 change
saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting isis for them 
canadian  pm  harper immediately called the ottawa attack terrorism at least north america has a strong leader who lives in reality
i never thought i'd say it in my lifetime but president barack hussein obama aka barry sotoro is a far worse president than jimmy carter !
double digit premium increases because of obamacare dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but  news  is spreading fast !
opening for the 2014 season soon the national register landmark maralago club is the crown jewel of palm beach 
 @ freidawashingt realdonaldtrump :  i saw the ground breaking ceremony for your dc building it was you and ivanka
 @ marryyy realdonaldtrump my first ever opportunity to vote needs to be a vote for ! runnnnnn
 @ realtesswilson realdonaldtrump is the smartest businessman in america  thank you
 @ jennifer75ar realdonaldtrump run for president dt ! save us ! i know you can !
 @ melaniatrump riposcardelarenta one of the greatest fashion designers of all time 
tremendous pressure on president obama to institute a travel ban on ebola stricken west africa at some point this stubborn dope will fold !
“dem candidates are all folks who vote with me” – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates
later today i’m being honored at the park hyatt in washington dc by the wharton club the joseph wharton award dinner a great honor
i'm going to dc today to check on the hotel i'm building on penn ave and then being honored by the wharton school of finance the best !
 @ beyertristen realdonaldtrump a man of business and success please run for president and fix this country  ? ?
 @ alyssatomazin44 realdonaldtrump seriously needs to run for president ?
 @ electric988 :  a smart powerful and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president we need you mr trump !  # trump2016
the us accidentally air dropped a large shi pm ent of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of isis as enemy laughs ! very sad !
don’t believe kay hagan on ebola travel ban she also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under obamacare vote  @ thomtillis !
i will be in washington dc tomorrow to receive the 2014 joseph wharton award at the wharton club of dc—a great honor !  @ wharton
 @ northcutt2013 realdonaldtrump  @ mrkenbutler no he can't and will not run great man yes not worth the mud slinging don't be so sure !
oscar pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend another oj travestythe judge is a moron !
wow one of the alltime greats in fashion oscar de la renta has just died at 82 great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy !
oscar pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend ridiculous decision ! judge couldn't even read her own writings
 @ slisk2 realdonaldtrump what we need is real change what we need is donald trump  # donaldtrumpforpresident
 @ insidecable news   @ ftvlive dream on you have a better chance of time warner dumping jeff zucker than you do the media ignoring donald trump
 @ ambersadler22 :  donald trump and mitt romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history no bad chemistry  i like winning !
 @ midlandmainline  @ dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  donald trump
 @ mrinho1 orbitz  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumpwaikiki looks like my kind of place d trump you are the man my friend  thanks a great hotel
 @ petedicenso realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house !  # trump2016  i agree thanks !
 @ marlenawells laguardia ranked as one of the worst  # airports it needs  @ realdonaldtrump magic touch  so true what a mess !
it’s been stated that dopey ny  @ agschneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator  
 @ gregazar realdonaldtrump donald trump calls out obama thank you for calling out this idiot !
 @ stephaniewei realdonaldtrump playing trump ferry point this morning ! looking forward to it have a great time !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 700  45 minutes talking about ebola obama and other strange us happenings !
 @ johnnydollar01 :  and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola how is this klain guy any more qualified ?actually less qualified
 @ eeektoys realdonaldtrump  @ katyperry   donald is onto something here russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
 @ sunglasspros realdonaldtrump  @ stevekingia good job donald ! we need you to get more involved way to go ! !
 @ ronmeier123 realdonaldtrump i bet you never heard this before :  your hired
 @ shawnrss realdonaldtrump  @ shanevanderhart i vote for trump to make us all rich good call
 @ scottmedlin79 realdonaldtrump run for president we need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls
 @ shanevanderhart :    @ realdonaldtrump in iowa :  next president needs to be great not just good  
i'm leaving for iowa now  will be great !
obama just appointed an ebola czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control a total joke !
coming soon to pennsylvania avenue 
thank you piers for the wonderful article and also great writing  @ piersmorgan 
 @ katyperry will do much better 
i love seeing that graydon carter and  @ vanityfair are failing so badly he’s only focused on his bad food restaurants
3rd rate writer vicky ward who begged me for help see her letters to me 
 @ donchymes realdonaldtrump is indeed a great manalways says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored
 @ beckagill realdonaldtrump please do our country a favor and run for president
 @ mattyms realdonaldtrump it's my birthday today the best present you can give me is to be my next president  happy birthday !
 @ jameranne realdonaldtrump if only donald trump could tell uobama he's fired the world would be a happier place
 @ sheronsvg realdonaldtrump  @ calconroy time to bring back the apprentice mr trump ! the new season will be announced by nbc very soon !
 @ h5odano realdonaldtrump we are on course of imploding as the once great roman empire did
 @ katyperry must have been drunk when she married russell brand  @ rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology !
i watched russell brand  @ rustyrockets on the  @ jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in russell—a major loser !
read about my victory against sleazebag  @ agschneiderman more people should fight when they’re right ! 
 @ nikkio :   almost only counts in horseshoes he had to know statue of limitations was in play  yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway ?fool ag
 @ nicolebnagy :  donald trump should really consider running for president he certainly has his head on right !  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ thereddotguy realdonaldtrump republican debates would be interesting with you
 @ cdlavie realdonaldtrump we knew he had no case against trump u i have no complaints about the products i bought  thanks !
i just had a great victory against lightweight ag eric schneiderman most of his case re trump u was thrown out or gutted little remains
“i don’t think you should ever run from history you should learn from it and embrace it”  @ laclippers coach doc rivers
there's nothing like fall in  # newyorkcity see where  @ trumpcollection recommends you take in the season's beauty : 
looking forward to returning to the hawkeye state this saturday to support my friend and strong conservative  @ stevekingia !
john  @ cahillforag is one of the most respected people in politics dopey  @ agschneiderman is one of the least respected !
 @ crroussos realdonaldtrump you were 100 spot on about the judge in the oscar pistorius trial complete and utter moron
alison grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary hypocrite vote  @ teammitch !
congratulations to  @ trumpdoral's  # bluemonster course for being named one of the 10 toughest courses on tour this year 
 @ nassarinvesting realdonaldtrump for president ! the only fighting chance this country has left  @ barackobama hasn't done shit
 @ katielevan9 :  i love  @ realdonaldtrump finally someone who gets it ? ?
 @ bestbergerever :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump has a vlog where he says things u don't wanna hear but i learned he speaks the truth  # trump4prez !
as isis and ebola spread like wildfire the obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change aka global warming
if alison grimes can’t admit she voted for obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her ! vote  @ teammitch !
 # trumpvlog china is laughing at us 
happy belated birthday to chris wallace ! chris does a great job every week on  @ fox news sunday like father like son
wow china exports rise 15 in september they are laughing at usa !
 @ bestbergerever :  i agree with everything  @ realdonaldtrump said on  @ foxandfriends this morning put this man in the white house !
 @ rojeezee realdonaldtrump you're so in demand in the media but what we really need is you in demand at the white house  # donaldforprez
 @ mforese realdonaldtrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you ! i agree !
i don't know if president obama isn't stopping the flights from ebola torn west africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care !
 @ billyhaze :  great interview tuesday past with jim gardner must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist
michelle obama made a terrible mistake in iowa when endorsing bruce braley before a large crowd she called him bruce bailey seven times
isn't it ridiculous starting today new ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from west africa just stop the flights dummies !
i've never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold !  so nice a quote by fred ctrump about his son donald me !
 @ schaeferpg realdonaldtrump  @ geebilz am a donald trump follower we need anybody other than the idiot we have and trump would be the best
 @ harryfinnimore realdonaldtrump  @ ericleebow same here run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on
 @ jeremyburns :  i'm voting for trump in 2016 we need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around  # trump2016
 @ ricolodean chibdm  @ realdonaldtrump he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top
 @ mitchryanrocks :  please run for office this country needs ur leadership knowledge n passion also i'd love to be a part of ur team !
 @ bgambalie realdonaldtrump if you run for pres you will automatically win no doubt  # trump2016 thanks but nothing is easy
 @ ericleebow realdonaldtrump will vote for you if you run
 @ ericleebow realdonaldtrump will vote for you if you run thanks
 @ kangdedyri1 realdonaldtrump donald you are my best inspiration to be successful
 @ michaelsad6 realdonaldtrump its time to put a wharton grad in the white house !  # trump2016 that is true !
 @ dejr7 realdonaldtrump don't keep us in suspense r u running for pres ? you will know very soon thanks !
 @ krismichaelboy :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president issues in the united states could be resolved he has my vote !  # trump2016
 @ cgrubb85 realdonaldtrump got my vote ! only one with common sense ! so true thanks
 @ motherjones :  jon stewart would have been a terrible host of meet the press 
obama :  “i will control ebola”  obama :  “if you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan”
the  @ nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping boring gamestoo many flagstoo soft !
 # trumpvlog why are we the sad suckers ? 
 @ agschneiderman should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by cuomo when he does his commercials !
lightweight  @ agschneiderman the worst attorney general in the us is in a tough election with john cahill   @ cahillforag
obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run singlepayer health insurance that many doctors don't take   @ avik
seal the deal ! hold your business meeting at the luxurious   @ trumpnewyork executive board room 
the cdc chief just said ebola is spreading faster than aids marines are preparing for a pandemic drill stop all flights from west africa !
obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to liberia to contract ebola he is a delusional failure
congratulations to  @ piersmorgan on his new position as editoratlarge for the united states of  @ mailonline ! my apprentice champ !
i have to admit  @ alexsalmond is a tough smart guy he is formidable by any standard !
right now 4000 us troops are stupidly heading to west africa to help fight ebolano help from china russia or wealthy african oil nations
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” – walt disney
 @ acmarcuswenzel realdonaldtrump  @ godchick83 donald would be the right guy for the usa i agree
 @ economicgeek13 :    @ smwalkerbait yes please run for president  i said that ages ago while he was at a conference in sydney australia
 @ ceg72kevin realdonaldtrump donald trump for presidentthat would be a real wake up call to the world would be a great president thanks
 @ f9d5l :  “part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough” by  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ otcgiant realdonaldtrump our country's leaders should have listened to you thanks to them ebola is now a household name in america
 @ alextice23 realdonaldtrump  @ safirepublicity i know he would make a great president he makes decisive decisions daily very sucessful
 @ safirepublicity realdonaldtrump will you please run for president  ? you've got our vote ! thanks
the fight against isis starts at our border ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border build a wall !
stop the flights ! 
real estate taxes are far too high  @ briarcliffmanor westchester a total joke how they waste money ! replace mayor vescio
usmc andrew tahmooressi should be freed immediately he never should have been jailed in the first place weak leaders  # freeourmarine
just put in ad for a real estate executive :  “hard work low pay mean boss !”
 @ pga4terry realdonaldtrump please become potus and make our nation great again !
 @ mattyhdot realdonaldtrump when you're right you're right if you were president i would feel a whole lot better  # trump2016
kentucky has a chance to have the senate majority leader mitch mcconnell representing it in washington big power for state don't blow it
i can't believe mitch mcconnell isn't way up in the kentucky polls massive seniority brings so much power and status to state brings k$'s
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump we need a real leader we need trump thanks
despite the ever increasing ebola disaster obama refuses to stop flights from west africait's almost like he's saying fyou to us public
 @ dameechriebl :  just saw your interview with  @ gretawire mr trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you !
i will be on on the record  @ gretawire tonight at 7  pm 
congrats  @ janineturner on new book a little bit vulnerable you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum 
do you think crooked  @ agschneiderman will ever challenge the nfl tax status ? no—too many friends and contributors in  @ nfl ?
 @ joshhobson :  hey the sign looks good this morning ! see it everyday as i work around the corner at southcom 
 @ robertundefined :  this is where  @ realdonaldtrump needs to be the president
 @ wdobrovich realdonaldtrump we really need a person like you to lead our country  # trump2016
this ebola patient thomas duncan who fraudulently entered the us by signing false papers is causing havoc if he lives prosecute !
 @ calfofgod realdonaldtrump you are the smartest man in america why aren't you president who needs obama ? we need you ! please run ! !
 @ hancockfinance mr trump is the best worldleader # empirebuilding  # downtoearthbillionaire hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
 @ notthatactor   wow andy such amazing writing and thought thank you !
 @ notthatactor prediction :  things will be so bad in postobama us that trump will be swept into white house in '16 
saw michael jordan and ray allen today playing golf at trump national doral the blue monster great guys !
the brand new hotel at trump national doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in miami  enjoy !
i just arrived at trump national doral in miami where i'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors this place is amazing !
ebola is much easier to transmit than the cdc and government representatives are admitting spreading all over africaand fast stop flights
 @ naijaflyingdr realdonaldtrump is one of my faventrepreneurs of all time thank you
 @ murray87james realdonaldtrump looking forward to my wedding at turnberry 2mo ! ur staff has been amazing ! it will be fantastic !
 @ lynn4596 :  i seriously admire  @ realdonaldtrump watching his show 'celebrity apprentice' was my inspiration to do well as a kid great
 @ successcoaching :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money  johnny cash
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security commanderinchief ? !
 @ leeturton can you buy  @ realdonaldtrump merchandise in the uk or do you ship world wide ? cheers  go to 
how is abc television allowed to have a show entitled blackish ? can you imagine the furor of a show whiteish ! racism at highest level ?
 @ morgansux :  hey everyone ! just found an awesome twitter account that you should check out it's called  @ realdonaldtrump very cool
 @ drizzydan :  the us needs  @ realdonaldtrump at this moment thank you
 @ popated tnsmilin  @ realdonaldtrump and the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either
 @ adrianatarsia realdonaldtrump thank you for being the voice of reason !
 @ theintensity :  the worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about ebola  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ brandotut realdonaldtrump calls a spade a spade would be a breathe of fresh air in washington
 @ carnivoreking realdonaldtrump we can't just stop flights it might offend the west africans and we can't do that !
 @ ab8tn realdonaldtrump our troops are trained to put a 762mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
 @ nanimburgia realdonaldtrump why is it o makes absolutely no sense while donald trump makes perfect sense ! !
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united statesa plague like no other !
 @ chasehassey realdonaldtrump donald trump for president ! please run no one will defeat you thank you !
 @ irishfoodtrail  @ r47r  we were at the trump int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels i've ever stayed in for many reasons thanks
obama : “i will destroy isis”  obama :  “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan”
 @ 000hermansjr000  @ hotelied   @ trumpchicago never ceases to amaze trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best thanks
 @ 21stcenturyash  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumptowerny and last time i was there it was immaculately clean too very important
johnny miller—great job this weekend most insightful and tough see you at doral
 @ westwoodlee great going this weekend you are a true champion !
 @ ianjamespoulter great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well !
 @ justinrose99 the display you put on this weekend was unprecedented even the best putters couldn't believe it you're amazing see u soon
 @ joelledoucette realdonaldtrump finally ! someone who gets what is really going on in this country ! please consider fixing it !  # 2016
 @ geomac24 :   interesting reports emerging after our no vote that soapy kept from us among them windfarms slashed property value by 12
 @ charlierymergc  charlie call me  we'll set up a match with gary and damon doral now finished and doing great !
 @ rockchristopher :  i wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living i was looking to make a statement ~ donald trump
 @ motivationideas :  sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make ~ donald trump
 @ besttquotes :  when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough–donald trump  true !
i will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named baxter  @ antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and  @ bbcworld clowns !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends monday morning at 700 a lot to talk about !
 @ katiedaviscourt :  i am totally voting for  @ realdonaldtrump if he runs for president ! thanks
 @ chriscskyward :  enjoying looking over the water from your chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary great place !
 @ maryhukill :   just bought at macy's my 2014 installment of your shirts for christmas ! gorgeous colors this year ! and fabric
my friend derek is a special athlete and special personthere is nobody like him  @ yankees
watching the ryder cup on  @ golfchannel very interesting and tough matches amazing sport my favorite !
 @ sapthrows :  this coming election is the first one i can vote in and i hope  @ realdonaldtrump runs so he can get my vote  # trump2016
 @ oasisjosh :  if i was an american i'm sure i would vote for  @ realdonaldtrump for president
 @ ryanschiller realdonaldtrump reading never give up by donald trump he is my idol please see this mr trump !  great
 @ buddholly realdonaldtrump you are my  # 1 man please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else ! thanks
 @ shaydud realdonaldtrump if you can dream it you can do it waltdisney hope your dreaming of 1600 pennsylvania ave
 @ jennifer75ar realdonaldtrump  @ emohermione i hope that he runs also ! we need a real leader in dc
 @ prolifictweeter realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president too
 @ timereckoner realdonaldtrump donald trump needs to run for president you'll have my vote when you decide to run for office thank you
 @ straussanator realdonaldtrump when is the apprentice coming back ? very soon recently finished shooting  and it is great !
 @ mathewprinsen realdonaldtrump i was wondering your take on obama saluting with a coffee in his hand ? big deal or no ? terrible !
 @ cahlrstorrie when i go to new york my first second and third stop is  @ trumptowerny and hopefully get to see  @ realdonaldtrump  great !
“do more be more give moreand everyone will benefit” – think like a champion
obama administration said that saudi arabia was on syria’s border 
 @ donallentown realdonaldtrump  @ kylekisskiss not only do you have a great name you'd win and do a great job hug  @ ivankatrump for me  : 
 @ thissenrolf realdonaldtrump i'm a german social democrat but don go for president i want to see real competition
 @ lyricalmafiarum realdonaldtrump trumpamania needs to run wild again in ac ! so true after i left it lost all energy and spirit !
 @ betocolombia1 realdonaldtrump  @ kylekisskiss  donald you will win but i have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth ! !
 @ kylekisskiss realdonaldtrump run for president win and handle it !
now obama is having our army coordinate with iran against isis what’s next ?
obama’s rollout of his isis war plan is another unmitigated disaster the generals must be furious
interesting article about atlantic city 
 @ aaszkler realdonaldtrump  @ tylerasmith1 gop will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
 @ chazman321 realdonaldtrump you should run for potus i would back you 110 !
 @ breemomma33 realdonaldtrump always enjoy listening to you on  @ foxandfriends too bad this administration doesn't take your advice !
good morning i will be on fox and friends at 700 30 minutes enjoy !  @ foxandfriends
 @ andyay : donaldtrump good to hear  news  of you and turnberry in ayrshire scotland south ayrshire has best weather in scotlandso good choice
 @ kylegolfmtnbike realdonaldtrump nfl is forever changed and i'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
“effective leadership is putting first things first effective management is discipline carrying it out”  stephen covey
brand new selection of trump signature collection shirts and ties  @ macys  go check them out
the wilson family should thank me pegula overpaid for the  @ buffalobills because of me !
china's the leading exporter of iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against isis why should we do the heavy lifting for china’s gain ?
trump nat’l westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in new york a great place 
 @ gregshades  @ realdonaldtrump in 2017 when obama hopefully leaves office and we can began to rebuild america from his nightmare thx
 @ nycdeb8tr realdonaldtrump we have 2 more years of suffering under obama can we at least have some fun while suffering ?  # trumpfan
 @ ewalkdog33 realdonaldtrump even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
 @ claudevanpelt realdonaldtrump donald trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently many agree thanks !
 @ pharlap9  @ realdonaldtrump emanuel is nuts period ! your sign is wonderful on your building in chicago ! thank you
 @ trumpgolfla is  @ theknot’s pick for the best of weddings  with our vista terrace looking over the pacific ocean  
 @ luigiboria  congratulations on getting the miss universe pageant to come to doral/miami  it will be a great show and a tremendous success !
 @ woofeous realdonaldtrump  @ trumpnewyork love how donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on
“sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward”   @ vincemcmahon
it was a great honor to be on  @ mikeandmike on  @ espn wow the response was amazing !
great article on socalled climate change formerly known as global warming 
 @ valbano206 :  loved listening to  @ realdonaldtrump this morning on  @ mikeandmike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the nfl
 @ gzervs :  great job on  @ espn this morning  @ realdonaldtrump could run the nfl much better
 @ jakewilfong realdonaldtrump was speaking the truth this morning on  @ mikeandmike too many flags let the boys play
 @ pittab mikeandmike you guys need to have  @ realdonaldtrump on every week !
 @ louistheiv :  idk if anyone watched mike and mike this morning but  @ realdonaldtrump spoke the absolute truth
 @ uwsp46 realdonaldtrump  @ nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game not worth watching anymore pc ppl have killed the game
 @ titansfan1967 realdonaldtrump  @ espn i loved your views on espn this morning need your views in the nfl
 @ hai :  i couldn't agree more with  @ realdonaldtrump about the nfl becoming the no fun league i'm glad someone finally came out and said it !
 @ beasonshane espngreeny  @ espngolic great call from  @ realdonaldtrump 100 agree with him on the stated of the nfl and football in general
 @ waltthew mikeandmike fantastic interview of mr t both on a business perspective and a fan maybe the best interview you have ever had
 @ thesa espngreeny  @ mikeandmike  @ espngolic listen to what  @ realdonaldtrump said he just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
 @ davidperilla3 realdonaldtrump thanks for telling it how it is
 @ bdussault realdonaldtrump should be on  @ mikeandmike everyday such an interesting guy thanks
 @ southernrambler realdonaldtrump  @ espn you were right on ! agreed with product on field is horrible
 @ stclou :  have to agree with mr t what will ruin nfl is not the offfield idiocy but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle
 @ jphillipslo realdonaldtrump  @ espn you were spot on about the game of football being boring too many flags
 @ therxelite realdonaldtrump loved your time on  @ mikeandmike today great points and views
 @ echo5chrly mikeandmike for once  @ realdonaldtrump makes sense the  @ nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags
 @ bxrocboy espngreeny  @ realdonaldtrump was right the nfl is ruining the game with all of the penalties as a fan i'm losing interest
 @ skelify espngreeny completely agree with what  @ realdonaldtrump just said about the penalties and the hits [1/2]
 @ jhawk25 realdonaldtrump well said this morning on  @ mikeandmike the nfl has become the no fun league  # nfl
 @ coreymccrack3n realdonaldtrump had a good point this morning on  @ mikeandmike the refs are flag happy and make watching games boring
on mike and mike  @ espn in two minutes !
just met with david perdue  @ perduesenate he’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against obamacare he will win !
 @ yankeerangernv  @ realdonaldtrump don't forget you were also the only person to host wrestlemania in back to back years so true thanks
 @ sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump we will welcome you back with open arms ! we need you back ! thanks mark i am looking !
entrepreneurs :  achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
i've realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
“don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong”  calvin coolidge
congratulations to obama on building a strong economy there are 49500000 people on food stamps a historic record !
obama’s promise to build an international coalition against isis is already broken no one trusts him at home or abroad
 @ jcartmell2011 :  i honestly think he needs to run for president i'd vote for him in a heart beat man's a genius ! thank you !
 @ mikeyjfitz realdonaldtrump thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going i wasn't one of the idiots that voted for obama  # trump2016
 @ kevhegarty :  please please please let  @ realdonaldtrump run for president that would be awesome
 @ mkristin73 realdonaldtrump i honestly don't doubt it we need a real leader in there
 @ jaredaustinthom :  we just need to let  @ realdonaldtrump run the whole world  # trump2016 it would be a fantastic place thanks !
 @ afrog4life :  if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop ! instead make your work more pleasurable  donald trump
 @ eastonwestwood :  please run for president again ! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan2017
 @ hawkeye3073 realdonaldtrump i know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016  # muchrespect
 @ johnnysanac :  kinda early to decide but i'm going to be  @ realdonaldtrump for halloween lol  have fun !
 @ lauraaachinn realdonaldtrump for president 2016 i would be first in line at the polls
 @ ripnitz realdonaldtrump please run for president we need you to straighten out this country ! !
 @ candystiltz realdonaldtrump please run i'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office remember what you said !
 @ ghosttoast99 realdonaldtrump mr trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son carson how much do you need ?
the socalled ‘moderate’ syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to isis after obama’s address we should not be arming them !
 @ jenniii0rozco realdonaldtrump you should be our new president 
my interview on 9/13/01 with a german reporter after visiting ground zero 
 @ bebeelmejor realdonaldtrump mr trump you are one of the people i most admire  ! greetings from venezuela ! thanks
 @ enhancededdie realdonaldtrump trump you will make the greatest president since lincoln wow nice !
 @ therachelgibson :  seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you it's now or never ! we need you  # usa  # nowornever  so true !
 @ natezito realdonaldtrump you should be the next president don thanks
 @ indybuffalojim :  the american public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class another plan of our socialistic president
 @ silverfoxgranny :    # saudiarabia saudi arabia are nothing but mouth pieces bullies cowards they have the money but no guts
 @ realjimpeterson realdonaldtrump that's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance
 @ twattertwattwit realdonaldtrump you are 100 right enough is enough
 @ nick2travel realdonaldtrump they should pay us free oil for the next 100 years
 @ kingofpolitics realdonaldtrump donald in the house you nailed it down
 @ kalozap :  obama's mind isis ebola etc and then thinking boy i wish i was on the golf coarse what should i wear on the links
attention arnold palmer :   happy birthday arnold there is no one like you the king !  @ kingdommag  
 @ diamondslpn realdonaldtrump would you please run for president ? people respect you and know you don't play around !
 @ terriduncan73 realdonaldtrump i would definately vote for you  ? ?
“always remember that the future comes one day at a time”  dean acheson
windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden eagles media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse
in '09 obama released the isis chief the terrorist gloated “i’ll see you in new york” 
 @ cringefringe  @ joanrivers you were a good friend to joan and i enjoyed the apprentice show with her  thanks mr trump thank you
the trump signature collection  available  @ macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe dress your best ! 
 @ thebigjamesg :  what kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do ? detached from reality he is
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day” – trump :  how to get rich
 @ sassypantsjj please do more apprentices' know you're busy but once a year is not enough  !  love that show  thanks
 @ mtthwdvs realdonaldtrump joan was a great woman always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on celebrity apprentice !
 @ 216th realdonaldtrump you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice
 @ jonestigger0828 foxandfriends  @ realdonaldtrump it just blows the mind that this president is still in office
 @ talismanjohnnya foxandfriends :  you can bet your rearends that d t  would have a strategy and would have a year ago great segment !
 @ cordizzzle howardstern getting a lot of praise from  @ realdonaldtrump on fox  news  about joan rivers funeral  ? ? howard did a great job !
 @ shmann55 realdonaldtrump mr trump sure would like to see you run for president ! thank you !
 @ kpasee :  hearing that donald trump went to joan rivers's funeral breaks my heart i feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice  ? ?
 @ chrissergeant thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there there's donald trump for one
 @ gracem54 realdonaldtrump seriously  usa could use a man like you running this country ! we could be great again !  # trump2016  thank you !
 @ timothyhero realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president when obama's corrupted term is done
 @ nwankwofranklin realdonaldtrump i am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers i get inspired all the time by your story
 @ flowersmeller realdonaldtrump any plans to come back to dubai  @ damacofficial  looking forward to playing 18 on your course !  great !
 @ andyacr realdonaldtrump can't imagine living a day in your shoes it must be remarkable but never easy !
 @ albymetevier realdonaldtrump mr trump will u save america and run ? i know the job sucks but we need it fixed so true !
 @ debkanchan realdonaldtrump trump is trumpcard to success in usa  ! make him president of usa
 @ rokrok10100 realdonaldtrump in india we love donald trump wake up america recognize the sheer class of this man
 @ masterbaxter8 melaniatrump probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet of course  @ realdonaldtrump is her husband !
 @ anthonyjmyers iftrumpwerepresident this country would be the classiest most established most admired place in the world 100 true !
 @ billywmerritt realdonaldtrump we need a trump tower in atlanta i will buy the first unit  great !
attention all hackers :  you are hacking everything else so please hack obama's college records destroyed ? and check place of birth
president obama has just reached an alltime low approval rating ! is anybody surprised ? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter
 @ p01yn0nym0u55  @ vikdam  @ jamandatrtl imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
 @ gioth :  if you want to test a man's character give him power”—abraham lincoln
the obamacare website was hacked $5b dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information
china is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over $23b in expansion that would take over 100 years in our country
usmc sgt tahmooressi has now been held in mexican jail for over 150 days when will obama call for his release ?  # freeourmarine
best of luck to  @ chucktodd on his  @ meetthepress debut this sunday
the maralago club the crown jewel of palm beach is a landmark in the national register of historic places 
 @ therefornone just home from great couple of days at  @ trumpturnberry tremendous golf course simply outstanding loved it great thanks
 @ buntymunn  @ realdonaldtrump just played trump aberdeen yesterday might just be the best golf experience i've ever had ! great thanks !
“peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means” – pres ronald reagan
senator landrieu if you are a senator representing louisiana then you should own a home in the state send  @ billcassidy to the senate !
the next generation of luxury  @ trumpvancouver will be the icon of the vancouver skyline 
i attended  @ aerosmith concert last night in newark nj doesn’t get any better than that  @ iamstevent was fantastic great energy !
 @ rwang0 millionby22  @ realdonaldtrump has some of best books out there no fluff real grit real world wins
innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower  steve jobs
 @ deno716 what better way to start a movie than having  @ realdonaldtrump in the first 3 min yes i'm watching zoolander on  @ netflix  great !
 @ akiagarnett  @ rbstuart  trump is a hero  1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases nothing like that kinda candor thx
 @ rcstaley  @ loisweiss  @ realdonaldtrump i loved your als  challenge ! i'm so happy that you showed real men can do it ! obama not ! thanks
looking forward to being at the  @ rydercupusa announcement tonight
 @ orestistzo  @ realdonaldtrump i never thought you would do it ! great video and for a great cause well done sir !  # alsicebucketchallenge thx
 @ gplunkert  @ realdonaldtrump it shows class act by doing the ice bucket challenge unlike our president  thank you
 @ lisaz15  @ realdonaldtrump wishing her well !  she was awesome when she was on celebrity apprentice !  very smart true joanrivers
 @ alsama new hairstyle for donald trump ? we think it looks great all slicked back alsicebucketchallenge maybe i will do it somedaythx !
 @ pierpaolomonni just amazing ! well done ! great you accepted that challenge  @ realdonaldtrump ! personally i had no doubts about that ! thanks
 @ dirtmeister you don't have to be president to make a differenceyou saved new york from mediocrity thank you people do forget !
 @ lglick1  there are no words to describe this my boss  @ realdonaldtrump is awesome ! 
 @ skimpybean  @ realdonaldtrump woah ! well done fella i honestly thought for all these years that was a wig see i told you so thanks !
 @ ramdurand :    @ vinnygooch the media who loves donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid cant even trust fox
 @ vinnygooch realdonaldtrump the don 2016 i can see it now !
 @ bbcoachkk :  you are my idol ! i'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted ! at my breaking point ! give me strength dt ! get out !
 @ frannyfine31 realdonaldtrump i would finally register to vote if you ran you would be an awesome president  @ panda9103  @ parentseitz
 @ sweetsweetseven : most gorgeous building in chicago from a true self made american and he cannot brand his own masterpiece ?  # smh  # trump2016
 @ deannaspillyard deannaspillyard :  successful business 101 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump buys you buy if he sells you sell don't ask just do it
 @ bradcooney1 : wise words my nephew is a us marine soon to be heading into harms way again it's gonna be a long 7 months for us good luck
 @ rbstuart realdonaldtrump loved your ice bucket challenge i hope everyone shuts up about your hair now
 @ awmorrell  at last the  @ realdonaldtrump hair debate is finally put to rest  all thanks to the als  # icebucketchallenge  thxi hope so !
 @ juanjgers realdonaldtrump when are you deciding if you will run in 2016 ? you got my vote ? thanks !
icymi the als  # icebucketchallenge that trumps them all 
the als  # icebucketchallenge that trumps them all 
 @ phipppo :  donald trump is hands down the best mac miller song  so true !
 @ prayformetoo realdonaldtrump  @ ryankainec1 yes and what a great first lady we would have !  true !
congratulations to  @ graememcdowell and  @ kristinstape your baby has seriously good genes will be a champ !
 @ empireofsocial :  tell me one industry  @ realdonaldtrump does not have a business in  there are many !
 @ domjoly realdonaldtrump i can't help thinking how great the usa would be if you were president !
 @ homerjsimpson :  i took the ice bucket challenge and i nominate  @ realdonaldtrump to follow me ! just watch my twitter tomorrow !
 @ bovanpelt bo i heard you were great at trump national westchester  i am not at all surprised keep playing well you are a winner !
obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for usmc sgt tahmooressi bringbackourmarine
 @ usuallybogey  i think washington or lincoln would endorse  @ realdonaldtrump if they were still around thank you
 @ trumpchicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city 
it’s tuesday how many jobs has obamacare cost the economy today ?
young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success gain momentum once you succeed promote yourself !
emmy awards show was terrible last night same shows winning over and over again politics amazing race a joke host seth meyers bombed !
 @ chrisg802 realdonaldtrump  @ slaw116 god awful show many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better
 @ jclancy21 realdonaldtrump  @ yourinfobabe  @ slaw116 he was really terrible has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in ?
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump emmys are a joke the donald needs to fix them like he did with the miss universe pageant
 @ 2ndclassclown realdonaldtrump kimmel was way funnier than meyers i don't think i laughed once at anything seth said
once the isis thug who beheaded foley is identified 100 he should be bunker busted to hell
 @ ojjava realdonaldtrump i dont get the whole thing with seth meyers either kinda bland
 @ elishevany samir  @ realdonaldtrump also can you be our president because you would be amazingggg
we will now be helping syria and iran by attacking isis  ironic isn't it !
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 730 am
 @ dirtmeister realdonaldtrump everyone wants to back you for '16 don't think hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team
 @ midnitepumpkin :  you're the manwe need yod.c.ur president not a man who gives free money away like candywe work hard for our money !
 @ damiranz :  donaldtrump :  pls don't run for president if you do and win the rest of the world would be screwed so true except friends !
secretary of defense chuck hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb he can't even speak properly poor leader in these very dangerous times !
 @ talismanjohnnya :  donaldtrump  i would lovelove to see debates between d and we assume hillary talk about a ppv event d is great !
 @ masterka42 :  so much hate on  @ realdonaldtrump  people need to calm down and understand what this nation needs  # trump2016 thank you !
 @ surferbobraider :    @ realdonaldtrump  i regret voting for o i thought he would be great he's spineless and weak worst prez ever clearly
 @ bloombergtv :  anytime you have something on an ocean a river or a lake it's hard to blow it  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ motivationideas :  sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war ~ donald trump
 @ motivationideas :  in the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish ~ donald trump
 @ christophewheat great job on the turnberry resort donald trumpturnberry in scotland which i saw this week while in scotland  thanks
“chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge” – trump :  never give up
 @ mrvolvo7090 i frequently sport your french cuffed shirts fit to a tee and always receive compliments very well done  # dtcollection  thx
on beautiful lake norman  @ trumpcharlotte offers a state of the art clubhouse to complement its championship course 
the trump signature collection exclusively available  @ macys offers high end fashion for men dress your best 
 @ cartjake88 your name on the building much ado about nothing thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline 
 @ maideneer my first time in chicago walking along the river and this was my view absolutely stunning hotel ! 
 @ maathewdavis  @ realdonaldtrump if donald puts his mind to it he’ll have this country in its best spot since reagan !  i agree thanks !
the isis thug who murdered american journalist james foley may have been gitmo detainee 
 @ ignacio8787 realdonaldtrump  @ johnyboi509 hope you run for  # potus and win to shake up  # dc and the  # congress we need you
 @ michaeltmorgan1 realdonaldtrump  @ honduran  i would love donald to run never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
 @ cahlrstorrie realdonaldtrump always knows what to say i love the  # trumpadvice thank you
believe you can and you're halfway there  theodore roosevelt
 @ kencagerepo  @ trumpdoral  that is absolutely spectacular  although for the trumps its called normal  amazing job  thank you
the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral
 @ zshroff  @ trumpchicago all the artsy types need to relax sign looks great doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture thx
“when everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around” – midas touch
“if you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough”  albert einstein
 @ jonesbox realdonaldtrump nothing like the delusions of a moron just what america needs very nice thank you !
 @ angelicaerazo realdonaldtrump is a true entrepreneur indeed smart decision maker and a great leader i admire you mr trump thanks !
 @ jaynyc :  if it's one person i admire it'll be  @ realdonaldtrump for all the success he's had in his lifetime  thank you !
 @ ptarkkonen :  without  passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump  # quote
 @ almightyjuan :  i look like donald trump when he made his first 1 million  you must be great looking !
entrepreneurs :   keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
“diligence is the mother of good luck”   benjamin franklin
 @ melissail realdonaldtrump hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife very nice thanks !
 @ ashtalks :  have to meet  @ realdonaldtrump in the morning good night
 @ akomolafejoseph realdonaldtrump  @ aaron  i have read it back to back  where i get my motivation from donald trump is a rare gem nice !
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump saw show on ivanka fox  news  very good she is a great role modellike you thank you !
 @ aaronyay :  trump is my new idol his pastor was norman vincent peale ? !  # newthoughtpioneer  can't wait to read the art of the deal
 @ babalandyy realdonaldtrump you should be the president thanks !
 @ deannaspillyard :  my dad captain tom scott went home to be with the lord last night please keep my family in your prayers  # devastated
 @ pg1701 realdonaldtrump home or abroad this president hasn't put one dent into any of our problems in many cases made things worse
 @ megamurph :  we need smart people like  @ realdonaldtrump in office   he can get america back on it's feet
 @ writeitnow  a quote you'd like you have undertaken to cheat me i won't sue you for the law is too slow i'll ruin you vanderbilt
 @ josegonzalez69 realdonaldtrump bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with !i have said that for many years bad judgement
 @ backontrackusa : while obama is partying at the wh with corrupt african leaders christians are being killed by isis with american weapons
same cdc which is bringing ebola to us misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year 
 @ scrt22  @ realdonaldtrump for all of your faults whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account thanks sort of !
 @ dainbramaged  @ realdonaldtrump  surprise only happens when obama does something right you can expect no surprises true
one of  @ golfworldus’ top public courses  @ trumpgolfla's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf 
sorry i won’t be able to do  @ foxandfriends at 7 am on monday—will be in india
 @ nothreeputt you have to admit  @ realdonaldtrump was correct valhalla much better course to the eye than pinehurst  # notamuni so true !
 @ boogbannon :  can't wait till  @ realdonaldtrump is president i don't blame you things would get really good really fast !
 @ d1pz :  one of donald trump's philosophies :  if someone screws you screw them back ten times worse i have heard of far worse !
 @ superjessica562 :  donald trump by  @ macmiller will forever be one of my favs  ? ?  i understand why !
investors are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present
remain open to new ideas that's where innovation begins
learning never exhausts the mind  leonardo da vinci
secure the border ! build a wall !
“the belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion”winston churchill
thanks  @ mickyarison for your nice statement  @ bltprimemiami  @ trumpdoral i just want to do as well as you have with  @ miamiheat see u soon
congratulations to  @ rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary rush has revolutionized talk radio ! sorry haters and losers !
we are going through contentious primaries now but the gop must unite let’s take the senate and stop obama’s dangerous agenda
the $200m in renovations of trump int’l washington dc are on track the old post office is being transformed into true luxury
it’s tuesday how many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will obama hold today ?
congratulations to  @ ivankatrump on being named the  @ fox news sunday power player of the week 
thank you  @ elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the  @ erictrumpfdn for  @ stjude ! click here to donate :  
“being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way” – midas touch
doctors have already died treating ebola 
our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases our leaders are inept
 @ jaygershbein :  i agree ! mt  doctor on  @ nbcnightly news  agreed we should not bring  # ebola into country in two patients bring docs to them
 @ thejimlewis :  i really like the  # trump collection quality is outstanding feel like a  # billionaire wearing it 
 @ jordanmanhas realdonaldtrump  any plans for a trump building in toronto mrtrump already have a great one trump international hotel
 @ stevegutzler :  in the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish  donald trump
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
briarcliff  manor should get a better town manager philip zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor westchestergov
one of the tallest office buildings in downtown nyc 40 wall street is a classic art deco building 
 @ frankluntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it  a total loser !
 @ trickymackey tidmore he seems to be doing the right thing he's taking a stand for america and asking 4 some common sense about ebola
 @ rdodd104 realdonaldtrump i agree it does seem crazy
 @ bigboie7531 :   to all the liberal do gooders this is the plague you idiots ! no cure !  @  you may have confidence in the cdc but i don't !
 @ mrsvgomez realdonaldtrump yes  ! the government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too  ! !
 @ barbarasmayer realdonaldtrump you are right about the ebola patients it's a deadly virus and they shouldn't bring them to the us
 @ davidcameron as prime minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in scotland that nobody wants ?
obama’s war on women “number of unemployed women increased in july by 227000” 
“sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick don't lose faith”  steve jobs
 @ pauljmarsico realdonaldtrump  @ buffalobills only if the price is right will mr trump make this deal
 @ ir7dj2 realdonaldtrump advancing to next round of bidding for  @ buffalobills he would be  # amazing for  # nfl and everything in general
 @ cpow17 :  got my first paycheck today watch out  @ realdonaldtrump i'm right on you're heels great going work hard !
“developing your talent requires work and work creates luck” – trump never give up
vera coking made a big mistake in atlantic city by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530000
i support k9’s for warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans please contact 
 @ maathewdavis :  got my dad a trump tie from macy's for father's day he loves it he says it's the best tie he's ever owned ! great
 @ nifkinjuice kesjenkins  @ realdonaldtrump i know exactly what it is and you're it  thanks
 @ miznergeek realdonaldtrump you do have awesome ties i have several  @ macys  thanks
 @ illusiverealm realdonaldtrump will be our strongest leader since reagan i agree thanks !
 @ golfswingshirt realdonaldtrump  i have the two ties on the rightgreat quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot
 @ kesjenkins :  if  @ realdonaldtrump seriously takes a stab at presidency i will find a way to work on his campaign thanks !
 @ theminifed :  only man qualified to be president in 2016 is  @ realdonaldtrump thank youi guarantee that the usa will be respected again !
 @ scratchhandicap trumpireland  @ realdonaldtrump about to check in for 3 days ! driving in as i type ! course looks amazing !  enjoy !
“each life is made up of mistakes and learning waiting and growing practicing patience and being persistent” – rev  @ billygraham
it's time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obama’s war on coal this november send.c. message vote for  @ capitoforwv !
 pm   @ davidcameron should be run out of office for spending so much of england’s money to subsidize windfarms in scotland
i can’t believe that prime minister  @ davidcameron is giving massive subsidy to scotland to destroy itself with windfarms
 @ edwinvsuccess  @ realdonaldtrump is example of how success is earned !  everyday is an opportunity to get after it !   thank you
 @ dhesi604  @ realdonaldtrump when does the trump tower in vancouver bc open up ? the pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year thanks
 @ ukmikep  @ trumpchicago  saw the trump letters on hotel for first time very tasteful and classy hotel is an architectural gem thank you
 @ pearcyyy  @ realdonaldtrump even i want you to become the president of the united states and i'm from britain !  # legend  # trump  cute !
 @ sluggok  @ realdonaldtrump thank you for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriorsit's much appreciated my honor thank you
celebrated doctor  @ billcassidy will be a tremendous senator louisiana – send a conservative to the senate vote for bill this november !
environmental regulations stop border patrol from protecting 40 of the border 
when in doubt obama fundraises he has held 393 fundraisers in six years another record
along with two championship courses on the potomac river  @ trumpgolfdc’s also offers limitless social events  
 @ thebigjamesg  staff at trump doral was amazing made my visit wonderful blue course is awesome doral as it should be great thanks
 @ rydercup2014 :  all we can say is wow ! what would you say ? @ trumpscotland  # aberdeenshire 
 @ jessflorey :  what an amazing course  @ trumpscotland got to get yourself there to play  # breathtaking 
 @ vikesrealist realdonaldtrump is obama the worst president ever ? top of the list !
 @ almendarezzz :  i don't know if y'all know it but  @ realdonaldtrump seriously might be our next president we will soon see !
 @ jakester74 realdonaldtrump you should run instead of just talk about it you'd probably win remember your words jake !
 @ bigbabygoulos :  what will make you decide to run for president  @ realdonaldtrump  ? america needs a leader that can guarantee change
 @ thehawk4221 realdonaldtrump where is al gore now ! coolest summer on record in the us  real science 
“successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity” reed markham
obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole
this summer is very tough for the nation’s worst ag  @ agschneiderman moreland commission is his disaster
 @ latenightseth  i am not surprised that seth is absolutely dying in the ratings ! he is truly an awkward mumbling jerk too bad !
 @ authenticbrett realdonaldtrump when is celebrity apprentice coming back ? its the best show on tv  # donaldtrump  # yourefired in the fall
 @ smithtoddm  @ trumptowerny after i read the art of the deal i made it a goal to visit trump tower i visited in 91 breathtaking thank you
within the heart of beautiful somerset county trump nat’l bedminster is the proud host of the 2022  @ pgachampionship 
 @ rossbrotherton realdonaldtrump you have to run for president in 2016 and save this country !  # please  # savethiscountry
i had a great time in dc yesterday at the trump international hotel opo groundbreaking ceremony watch 
 @ margoshear the donald's going to be saying you're hired to lots of people in the district !  @ wusa9 true !
less than 1 of obama’s $4b immigration request will go towards immediate border security a real scam enforce our laws now !
obama is on yet another twoday west coast fundraising swing has to fit it in before his 15 day taxpayer funded vacation
 @ cathemazanowicz realdonaldtrump god bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed ! can't wait for the new hotel ! fabulous as always
 @ seaburbia realdonaldtrump  @ usgsa much like taking over the gov ice rink something will finally get done there as well
 @ mschneble realdonaldtrump it's great to see that the trump name will be in dc  thank you
today's groundbreaking at the old post office building in dc was amazing great people great dedication  @ usgsa  
 @ usgsa a momentous day great job on old post officewe will make you proud !
going to dc for big groundbreaking on old post office site will be spectacular new hotel lots of jobs !
 @ jeddprice realdonaldtrump maybe the usa needs to cancel all the rest of obama's vacations to actually deal with this
 @ dragonmamba stevehofmeyr  you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life winston churchill
“concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory”  bill russell
obamacare strikes again major insurer announced that over 53000 new yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
 @ tquoteseday :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing  donald trump
obama wanted putin to reset instead putin laughed at him and reloaded
many people have said i’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences
it’s monday how many fundraisers will obama hold today ?
give yourself a chancemake every day a discovery
every strike brings me closer to the next home run – babe ruth
 @ mikkelmachete realdonaldtrump take it away take it away 
 @ jenswannstyle :   just had an amazing stay at trump tower toronto hotel suberb staff fantastic thank you will always stay trump now
 @ bitlegal realdonaldtrump mr trump america needs you be the reagan to obama's carter please run for president in 2016
 @ diveejs realdonaldtrump your hair is magnificent don't let anyone tell you otherwise what a nice guy !
 @ foxesden8 :  scottish choir coming to new york in january how would you like scottish songs sung in the foyer of trumptower new york  yes !
 @ worldreachtech realdonaldtrump  @ greta the saddest moment in american history was the fact obama was elected potus on broken promises
 @ chunkenberry realdonaldtrump  future president trump ! you have the right mind to fix this country after 8 years of nobama  i agree !
 @ carsonmotz realdonaldtrump you are my inspiration great thank you
“create your own visual style let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others”  orson welles
the honolulu accommodations of  @ trumpwaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function 
 @ michelewv realdonaldtrump you are a winner  thank you
 @ 123jayne :  that's our president ! that's why we need you to run in 2016 ! i know you would never waste our money ! president trump
 @ sgtrockusmc82 usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 f35 fighters or 5 aircraft carriers but we got a worthless website
 @ talcornvan realdonaldtrump you got my vote ! but please don't make the middle class suffer more ! i have complete faith in you donald !
 @ epicbearddude realdonaldtrump yes  please please run for president and please please make  @ sarahpalinusa your running mate please
 @ utennjock realdonaldtrump please run for president we need someone to save our country !
 @ schuetzkatie :  please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes please america needs you  # donaldtrump  # president
 @ nardokids trumpsoho  @ realdonaldtrump amazing the people you hire for design are incredible  thanks
 @ benmccormick17 realdonaldtrump my cousin is getting married at your club in mooresville on april 25 2015 tell them congratulations !
“out of clutter find simplicity from discord find harmony in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity”–albert einstein
the best vision is insight  malcolm forbes
john cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for new york state attorney general  @ cahillforag
tremendous cold wave hits large part of us lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change  gw just doesn't work !
 @ scifreitag realdonaldtrump :  i believe in one thing only the power of human will  # presidenttrump2016
diligence is the mother of good luck  benjamin franklin
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer  albert einstein
mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing mexico does not respect our border or us boycott !  # freeourmarine
“trump :  illegal immigrants are getting treated better than vets” 
 @ ursulacurtin :    @ cantget300 hands off  we need him as president here in ireland  he has the golf club here so that's a start !  cute !
 @ jomi101 realdonaldtrump i love t recent pole showing obama as the worst pres and bush as t 2nd worst since wwii lol ! !
deserter bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve obama trying to play this mistake down !
 @ derrickfawley :   success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill”
 @ devhop realdonaldtrump they renamed it climate change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes
record cold temperatures in july  20 to 30 degrees colder than normal what the hell happened to global warming ?
 @ joesillett :  only followed  @ realdonaldtrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks but his use of  @ twitter is superb  # manofthepeople
 @ jimjacobs18 realdonaldtrump are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job very good question !
 @ mattdykstramiz realdonaldtrump please run for president i will gladly work on your campaign
 @ meenah83 realdonaldtrump now i really hope u're contesting for that seat in the white house come 2016  watch !
 @ aguscalo : every time that somebody ask me about my future i always say :  i want to be like donald trump you're such an inspirationthanks
 @ tahanna cs522  @ stdyeddyd mr trump even the trolls hang on your every word ! they pretend to despise you ! ignore keep inspiring !
 @ jonhinck :  oh  @ realdonaldtrump surely if you had been elected president the united states would still reign supreme 100 certain !
 @ stdyeddyd realdonaldtrump mr trump rocks i wish i had the money to play his great golf courses he epitomizes success  work hard !
 @ cwjaccount  @ michaelgreen77  @ realdonaldtrump  why are we sending money to mexico ?  we all know where it will end up truea total waste !
 @ justinrose99 great playing today in the scottish open i see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot !
 @ rongreenjr :  trump has reason to be proud of his trump international scotland course spectacular setting great fun the donald delivered
 @ jeffsmith7 realdonaldtrump maybe perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the rio grande to lure obama to see the border ?
 @  pm a1048  @ realdonaldtrump not sure what the fuss is about i think the sign looks great ! 
usmc sgt tahmooressi sacrificed for our country while obama is welcoming illegals our marine is locked in a mexican jail  # freeourmarine
my conversation from on the record    @ gretawire 
 @ kaeladianne97 :  the only way to fix our country's mess is  @ realdonaldtrump for president in 2016 ! he is the smartest and most capable man !
 @ ericleebow realdonaldtrump hopefully after 6 years you still have it in you a vote for trump is a vote for a champion thanks
 @ l0rdg4g4 realdonaldtrump rosie back on  @ theviewtv  ? what do you think about that mr trump ? she will self destruct as she always does
 @ erikestrada :    @ mikemcleod14 mr trump  i agree with you and your stance on the american flag waving proudly over the golf coursegracias
 @ mopo55 :  my son's high school graduation present guess where he wanted to go ! trump national of course ! 
 @ ryconnolly realdonaldtrump telling it like it is on fox  news  right now mexico is spitting in obama's face and he does nothing  # legend
 @ tbufft realdonaldtrump on  @ gretawire when was the last time something positive has happened in this country ? hmmmmso true
 @ jdmixon realdonaldtrump please run for president in 2016 ! you have my support 100 thanks
 @ awlove4ever :  after you left dude i played some mac miller donald trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky
 @ twins44 realdonaldtrump i could listen to you on howard for a whole day straight no one promotes himself better then you  # trumprules
 @ swraley :  if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when i graduate  # trumpera true
 @ justinrose99 nine holes  @  trump international golf links today in scotland the course is amazing thanks justin play well this week
 @ tedbishop38pga the talk of scottish open is all trump international rose j walker phil and rory all loving it majorly thx ted enjoy !
in the heart of midtown new york  @ trumptowerny is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily 
 @ sperzelgal  @ realdonaldtrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real  thank  you
there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border usmc sgt tahmooressi boycott mexico ?  # freeourmarine
 @ johnathonm realdonaldtrump  @ nsaidian already happened look at detroit they turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago usa next !
 @ rickshielspga :  the unbelievable trump international was a huge pleasure to play today !  such an experience ! 
 @ thattangorhythm realdonaldtrump have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett ? talk about a power ticket for 2016
 @ beuka23  @ realdonaldtrump recently stayed in your hotel in vegasit's beautiful my wife and i loved our stay !  great thanks
“listen to others but never negate your own instincts” – trump never give up
 @ datdudehead :  we've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell calling president trump
 @ markcannizzaro :  if you r lucky enough to play trump aberdeen scotland make sure you get  @ dbeattie53 to loop for you  # bestcaddieinthebarn
 @ fsmalang :  show me a man without an ego and i'll show you a loser  donald trump
 @ workwithkg :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing  donald trump  so very true !
your tax dollars well spent over 1295m obamacare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants 
 @ mashawwwws they say read a book it'll make you smarter i say read a book by  @ realdonaldtrump and you become more intelligent thanks
 @ carrgaz  @ realdonaldtrump believes trump turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world  true easy
 @ meander2011 mr trump please treat turnberry gc with respect hearing about the lighthouse and your plansit's iconic  i will !
 @ stutskey :  thanks  @ realdonaldtrump for putting my name on the top of the tv screen when i turn it on !  # trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas
 @ talismanjohnnya realdonaldtrump great way to start monday today d tellin' it like it is we need somebody in office likeum you ?
 @ atlantaevent :  negotiation tip   the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it   @ realdonaldtrump
 @ notthatactor realdonaldtrump if ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess now’s the time dj ! 
 @ manruss realdonaldtrump  @ backontrackusa it was helping iraq that caused this problem in the first place
 @ yourcousin realdonaldtrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country  # 1 again trump 2016  i agree !
 @ backontrackusa realdonaldtrump and we shouldn't help iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil guaranteed in writing
 @ adelbmoufarrej :  mr trump you are avoiding the responsibility of running for president since the nineties be patriotic and run watch !
happy 4th of july to everyone  including the haters and losers !
 @ madinahtamer :  please run for president this country needs true leadership  @ realdonaldtrump thank you
 @ kingcamsmith realdonaldtrump please run in '16 kentucky is ready to support you ! thanks
 @ sharkgregnorman  @ trumpcharlotte looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds ! not to mention course  thank you
 @ westont7 the tower looks beautiful donald best building in the city hands down ! love what you do ! 
 @ caledoniangolf :  also good to see  @ realdonaldtrump not being drawn into independence debate either way trump turnberry is a winner
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
 @ heartsurvivor07 realdonaldtrump wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild detroit if anyone can do it you can  # businessgenius
 @ billkellyemail realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago  @ trumpscotland dt your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of chicago !
 @ modivmusic i've been reading  @ therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately i need some trump books to read ! the art of the deal
trump turnberry  news  conference tomorrow at noon  scotland time the place is amazing !
 @ billkellyemail :    @ trumpchicago  @ trumpscotland dt your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of chicago have left !
 @ districtland14  @ realdonaldtrump we know a fourthgrader who thinks he's the next trump !  tell him to work hard !
 @ heywny  @ theopen  let's get turnberry back in the rotation mr trump has given to the game so much in such a short time ie doral thanks
 @ adamwebz can't wait to get to play  @ trumpturnberrybeen on my list for a long time  awesome job  thanksyou will love it !
 @ modivmusic i've been reading  @ therealkiyosaki books and about  @ warrenbuffett lately i need some trump books to read ! the art of the deal
make your nyc getaway memorable   @ trumpnewyork provides both true luxury and top access to midtown west  
entrepreneurs :   stay focused and be tenacious remain fixed on your goals
i'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverance steve jobs
 @ douglasseacat1 :  where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds ? so true !
amazing people are sending letters of support for  @ trumpchicago’s sign to my other properties including even  @ trumpscotland thank you !
i look forward to my press conference  @ trumpturnberry scotland this wednesdaylots of great people attending
 @ wrcosentino  @ trumptowerny was there for the 1st time last week beautiful bldg inside too !  thanks
 @ redslightning realdonaldtrump country needs the right person for the job there's only one ! trump 2016 thanks
 @ laineyk251 :  it was a pleasure to meet you today mrtrump wishing the very best with trump international doonbeg 
 @ robbmack17 :  cracking day at trump international links scotland yesterday what a place to play golf ! loved it  
 @ realmattshroyer :  best looking building in chicago we enjoyed our stay greatly i like the new trump addition  
 @ damicoj03 :  i can't understand people who dont like  @ realdonaldtrump  must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had thanks
 @ msantiago70 realdonaldtrump please run for president ! your the only one for the job
 @ onlinebizxpress :  we love your business updates and insights don't waste your energy on politics business is where you shine
 @ dmolesevich :  i know who i'd endorse and give my money in a heartbeat and that's  @ realdonaldtrump please run !  thank you
lightweight  @ agschneiderman is driving business out of new york for his own public relations benefit a real dope !
success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
our q1 gdp was 29 worst in memory   obamacare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure
i'm leaving now for ireland spain scotland and elsewherecrazy life !
someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit”
…in other words secy john kerry is so out of his element…
it’s thursday which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst ag  @ agschneiderman wearing today ?
 @ meagann realdonaldtrump will we see celebrity apprentice again soon ? i love that show ! yes just finished shooting
 @ generalgcuster realdonaldtrump  @ surajlalla  it's time to start your political career the people want you to run
 @ vfroe :  // i'm over 70 and have never seen such  arrogance incompetence and ill intentions as this president and his aids
 @ surajlalla :  “ @ realdonaldtrump :  some succeed because they are destined to but most succeed because they are determined to
 @ kpphotography38 :   donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down ! i loved your sign in chicago  # trumpforpresident
 @ profileschatter realdonaldtrump  @ wftragni if trump can control his crazy then it's a go  he can make the us great againis no crazy
 @ grecoch i love how my kids know who  @ realdonaldtrump is but have no clue who our  pm  is so what if we're canadian  #  nothingwrongwiththat
 @ gzervs :  all i want for my birthday is for  @ realdonaldtrump to wish me a happy birthday !  happy birthday
congrats to  @ leezeldin on a great victory i hope my robocalls helped ny1
in the center of ireland’s rugged west coast  @ trumpireland offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a spa 
 @ wftragni :    @ realdonaldtrump to get america back on track trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen don't hate
another coverup obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country 
the 91112 attack on the benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multiprong wave attack when will all the 50 fighters face justice ?
a  @ senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country chris is a constitutional conservative who'll make a difference in washington
great going  @ themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real we love you at trump jupiter  @ tngcj
 @ azizijoe7 realdonaldtrump go for it sir just watch !
 @ intheelections :    @ nydaily news  it seems democrats are incapable of honesty especially where you are concerned afraid of you trump 2016 !
 @ soyerjanis :    @ gretawire i wish  @ realdonaldtrump would run 4 president we need him ! if he cares enough about this country he will run
 @ doncaasi realdonaldtrump :  always make a total effort even when the odds are against you  arnold palmer  @ kingdommag
flashbk – “trump :  ‘i would build a border fence like you have never seen before’”
it’s monday how much will premiums rise today because of obamacare ? repeal !
 @ proventures excited to hear what trump has in store for  # turnberry if anything like  @ trumpdoral we are in for a treat ! it will be great !
the failing  @ nydaily news  which just raised its prices because it’s dying said i wear a “wig” when they know i don’t dishonest
 @ nikkio :  donaldtrump the turnberry is your global crown jewelanybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list
 @ morgansscool realdonaldtrump please run for president ! you have my votewe need more people like you in this world ! you're a great man !
 @ graememcdowell   great playing graeme  you are a true champion !
 @ algiers4 realdonaldtrump  @ reinosooo you are the light the only human who can guide this nation to the eagles wings and lands beyond ! !
 @ missionh0tr0d realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 you have my vote !  # 2016 thanks
 @ wftragni realdonaldtrump for president ! if anyone can turn this country around its you donald ! true
 @ dsmerza :  hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations since i was a teenager i am a small business owner
 @ dustindemoss realdonaldtrump i disagree with you on a lot of things but you're spot on on the 5 well finally !
 @ moflatley :  were likely paid w/ public funds for original services now likely to get nearly half of settlement… # doubledipping
 @ jmagiera realdonaldtrump right on donald ! your tweets on the cent park 5 are the truth !
 @ riskyliberal realdonaldtrump donald you are the smartest man ever and the most visionary !  thanks !
 @ txshaun  @ realdonaldtrump i think rahm emanuel really likes the sign he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
 @ whiteshaunwhite  i salute your courage and work sir ! you possess all the entrepreneurial and leadership qualities y not run for president
i loved the day paul goldberger got fired or left as nytimes architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance kamin next !
 @ natashatut13 realdonaldtrump  i like to read your tweets and i am delighted with you intelligent decent strong man !  thanks
 @ replicatemedia :  mr trump you were excellent on howard stern ! it is time that america is rebuilt on a renewed foundation of capitalism !
 @ oddidonovan99 :  you're a big thinker and one of a kind go for president of usa  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ housemusictv :  you were amazing on  @ howardstern last week well done you have our vote for what ever  !  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ mhall :   flew through lga on friday and got a good look at your amazing plane to bad lga is such a dump not a great welcome to nyc
 @ ashk  @ realdonaldtrump i'm in nyc for the first time probably gonna visit trump tower will you be in town ? i need to meet my roll model
 @ cliffwf realdonaldtrump love the sign in chicago its got class
 @ davidkobzeff1 realdonaldtrump can you please be obamas replacement interesting way of putting it !
 @ jazminvgarcia :  i am seriously afraid for our country people don't realize the us is headed for economic destruction  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ jimrcottage realdonaldtrump   @ sternshow mr trump you were witty respectful entertaining and as howard said just a down to earth guy !
 @ wisegirlsrule realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago i find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation ! !
the  @ amspec interview by jeffrey lord :  a trump card  the donald talks politics and parenting 
must read ! my  @ chicagotribune editorial :  i love chicago  and my sign ! 
“when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others” – think like a billionaire
“competitive golf is played mainly on a fiveandahalfinch course the space between your ears”  bobby jones
 @ trumpchicago :  great to hear golftravelerbos realdonaldtrump my wife is at  @ trumpchicago right now and loving her room top notch”
 @ krdevine realdonaldtrump very excited to see what the future holds for the new trump turnberry any clues ?  it will be great !
 @ jasonebean  the trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city 
i actually enjoyed the piece re sign  @ thedailyshow could it be that i’m starting to like jon stewart ?
 @ cycick   donald trump is the king of quotes you really should listen to him !thanks
 @ uconncrazy  @ realdonaldtrump great to hear you on  @ sternshow your honesty is refreshing thank you
 @ aj3fla  @ realdonaldtrump great job on  @ howardstern this week always the best radio with the two of you  thank you
 pm  sarah westcotwilliams incompetence should not be rewarded you should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser !  @ primeministersx
mullet bay golf course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of st maarten  @ primeministersx  should be ashamed for allowing this
 @ jlk5253  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago i love the sign it is tasteful and classy just like everything you do thank you
manufacturing is now less than 9 of us gdp the rust belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders
may god have mercy upon my enemies because i won't general george s patton
 @ tbaldwin510todd realdonaldtrump  @ bfc0312 i would love the ass whopping you would give to hillary !
 @ jamieemingg realdonaldtrump i cannot wait for the new season of  @ apprenticenbc u r my fav tv star  thank you
 @ writeitnow :  do you want to be inspired ? watch  @ joanrivers on the apprentice season eight ! amazing woman ! thanks for choosing her !
 @ bfc0312 realdonaldtrump please stay active on twitter when you are president ! really cute !
 @ attaanago :  watching back to back episodes of the apprentice  @ realdonaldtrump best show ever  thank you
 @ johnnyobots realdonaldtrump will you please run for president we need a real leader thanks
 @ iamkeysersoze :  i think the sign matches the personality of the structure bold but classy what’s wrong with  # knuckleheadsinthemedia
 @ emilyjeffrie  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago you know the meaning of class luxury and the pursuit of the american dream !  # winner ! thanks
 @ myjr54 realdonaldtrump run for president i wanna deal maker in office
 @ pearlsnbows realdonaldtrump :  be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally that's good business
 @ keyboardbrian realdonaldtrump being the donald fan for many years yes the sign looks fantastic !
just met with the incoming speaker of the florida house  @ stevecrisafulli – a fantastic guy ! he will be a truly great leader
breaking ground shortly trump int’l washington dc will bring the dc post office far beyond its original grandeur 
 @ nikkio just saw photos of sign at night  looks really nice chronic complainers moan about everything ignore them  thanks !
 @ kpphotography38  @ thedailyshow  i'm on a flight heading to chicago and i'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign great thanks !
 @ kennokevin realdonaldtrump after the pics i've seen the sign makes the tower look great hands down best looking tower in chicago
 @ cathemazanowicz :  we know you will respect the propertyand bring new life to it putting turnberry on my bucket list  great !
 @ thekeshkid realdonaldtrump for president ? genius ! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape !  # trumpforpresident
 @ bc4040   @ trumpchicago looks great !  @  night i saw it saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too !  great thanks !
 @ boblafleur1  @ realdonaldtrump good job on  @ howardstern you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show !  thank you
 @ kaylorcc  @ realdonaldtrump loved you on stern this morning you always have a lot of interesting things to say  thank you  @ sternshow
 @ carrgaz trump completes his takeover of turnberry and puts his own stamp on it full story in tomorrow's carrick gazette  great
 @ top40mogul there is never enough trump on  @ sternshow ! why not have him on the phone at least once per month ?  @ howardstern thanks !
 @ davidgordonjr :  tower in chicago is beautiful the name is the only sign of success they've had in years jealousy for sure !
 @ stargazer3141 realdonaldtrump please run for president ! our country needs you to fix this mess !
 @ thekeshkid realdonaldtrump for president ? genius ! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape !  # trumpforpresident
 @ alexdub182821 realdonaldtrump great stuff on howard today ! now call up jim kelly and get that buffalo bills deal done !
 @ natalieccook  @ realdonaldtrump the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c mr trump as president 1st thing to changeur health system
 @ mfbrooklyn realdonaldtrump everything u touch turns to gold i need to bump into u !  work hard !
 @ kelliejo2013 :  your tweets are so entertaining and pinehurst did look like cow shit ! dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around geeeezzzz
 @ th4tk1dryan realdonaldtrump brought up a lot of good points on  @ sternshow this morning i really hope he runs for president
 @ kpphotography38  @ howardstern when donald runs for president he will have my vote ! i'll even campaign for him  # trumpforpresident  thanks
 @ mumbles06 realdonaldtrump geat hearing you on howard stern you should run for president
 @ mhennessh realdonaldtrump i live in chicago and love the sign ! i look at it everyday ! thanks
 @ laytonjpalmer realdonaldtrump for president 2016 is the only way to go !
 @ cromo :  it would be amazing to see  @ realdonaldtrump run for president i would vote for him with the quickness  # trump2016
it's time to let pete rose the all time hits leader into the baseball hall of fame enough already ! !
 @ bloopcrew trumpforpresident  @ realdonaldtrump we want trumpcare and a president who has proof he is a real american
 @ jwpros :  if  @ realdonaldtrump can build such a successful businessimagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president ! true !
 @ lisanoelbryson realdonaldtrump we need you to run this country ! 2016 ! the year of the donald !
 @ aollom864 realdonaldtrump are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in iraq ? no  due  to a weak and incompetent us govt
 @ flightaj :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump what is your view on george bush ? he got us into iraq instead of making america great again not good !
 @ hunterstiehler realdonaldtrump you have the type of business mind we need in office !  # trumpforpresident  # trump2016
 @ stevenowell realdonaldtrump don't normally agree with you but it  pinehurst  looked like an absolute dump
 @ mindgone222 realdonaldtrump  @ jry227 people just want to mess with you because you're you it's your building f them
 @ ladyrinkelly realdonaldtrump i love the sign ! please let's make a hashtag that seems like it solves all world problems
 @ platinumevent realdonaldtrump the only problem with the  # trump sign in  # chicago are the people complaining about it !
 @ tttmon realdonaldtrump you are amazing ! i loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl  thank you my great honor !
 @ gtman1988 realdonaldtrump please buy pinehurst next !  and fix it  make it beautiful again !
 @ bigd921 realdonaldtrump  @ jrnicholas8 i hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
 @ jrnicholas8 :  love the trump in chicago those who don't like it are jealous ! capitalism is where it's at ! we need more signs like it !
 @ backontrackusa :   remember the terrorists that obama has been arming in syria against assad well now they are marching on bagdad
 @ waldrop15w kennywallace  @ realdonaldtrump iran controlling iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem our leaders are stupid !
i know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated trump national philadelphia—a real gem 
if anybody else but coore and crenshaw designed pinehurst they would be run out of town—and the turtleback greens are totally unfair !
 @ mjb7 realdonaldtrump  have a great monday ! still hoping to hear these words sooni will be running for president  # trumpforpresident
 @ thespinepillow realdonaldtrump please run for prez would b great to have a real man in the white house again
 @ jeniferstevens :   awful look to itnot like trump in palm beach and briarcliff or scotland that i've played your courses are the best
 @ magnumcj realdonaldtrump told the truth all day about pinehurst 2 it is just not a good looking us open course  so true !
 @ drake4444444 realdonaldtrump we need trump 1 in the nfl 2 in the oval office and 3 on his own reality show cute !
 @ myfmcase donaldtrump i snapped that when i was in  # toronto today donald your place is looking great !  # thetrumpway 
 @ quotedojo :  a little more moderation would be good of course my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation ~donald trump
 @ gja360 realdonaldtrump i read all of your books you truly are an inspiration !  thanks
 @ surayazayn realdonaldtrump i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational sir  thank you
big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great turnberry resort in scotland !
congratulations to martin kaymer for winning the 2014  # usopen  # usga great playing from beginning to end !
 @ ichicagoscott realdonaldtrump it was nice of you to give  @ mattginellagc 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had  i agree !
 @ mattginellagc   matt how many club championships have you won ? i hear zero or 18 fewer than me ! lets play for a lot ?
 @ ic  @ mattginellagc stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions donaldtrump is 10000 times more successful than you
 @ g3stover mattginellagc is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with  @ realdonaldtrump  i can beat him in golf even easier !
 @ rink914 ianjamespoulter  actually agreeit may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on tvi love golfcouldn't watch
 @ charliemaikis realdonaldtrump i completely agree with dt here pinehurst looks bad i wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that
 @ vmisciagna realdonaldtrump i've played the new doral which is awesomeone day i hope to play another trump course
 @ clarksmidt :  sir donald rather than promote golf courses please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our country
 @ mattginellagcsadly matt you don't understand golf even though you think you doi have numerous couses that are far superior to pinehurst
 @ mattginellagc  my position on pinehurst is correct  bad for the game a dried out cow pasture you have no clue but keep trying !
johnny miller correctly very critical of greens at pinehurst said they should be redone
 @ robertwga realdonaldtrump they think the course should be old school you know like before lawn care technology aka goats !
 @ foossh :  @ golfdigestmag  @ realdonaldtrump he has a point fairways should be green scruff can be as bad as you want wouldn't pay top dollar
 @ mommom :  just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass you gave him a rewardgood job donald ! thanks
 @ timgerzabek realdonaldtrump  @ golfdigestmag i thought this was the us open not the wanna be british open
 @ jshamie :    @ golfdigestmag couldn't agree more the course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would boring finish ! !
 @ golfdigestmag  big  news  from scotland on turnberry which by the way blows pinehurst away ! tomorrow morning stay tuned
 @ hollysandersgc remember it was martin k who sank the big ten footer to win the ryder cup he can handle the pressure !
 @ zp3 realdonaldtrump happy birthday from your trump towers in west palm keep up the good work ! a great place thanks
 @ edcloud9 :  no one man can turn this country around and get us back on track but one  @ realdonaldtrump can ! 2016 ! happybirthday !
 @ kirbyweasley realdonaldtrump happy birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive  thanks
 @ careytim6 :  happy birthday to  @ realdonaldtrump the man we need to lead us in the future  # trump2016  thank you
 @ aandreakis realdonaldtrump happy bday mr trump you are a great inspiration for many people around the world ! may god bless you mr t !
 @ seancourt realdonaldtrump we need a great leader like  @ realdonaldtrump to take this country where it belongs
 @ dcolon2112 :  all hate'n t this was my tweet watching the  # usopen it's as if they're playing on a local community golf course looks awful
 @ derkarsten realdonaldtrump happy birthday to the best businessman in the world  thank you
 @ jwkeen :  happy birthday to the donald  @ realdonaldtrump it will take men like him to make the usa great again  # 2016 thanks
 @ jsimonwc mattginellagc  @ realdonaldtrump built for golf not built for tv that is true because it looks horrible on tv  sad !
 @ mattginellagc  have you ever seen trump national/bedminster or trump international golf links in scotland both far better than pinehurst !
 @ mattginellagc matt the statement about pinehurst looking like a local community golf courseawful was not made by me but tweeted to me
 @ txshaun realdonaldtrump happy birthday donald ! thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
 @ keegster51 :  happy birthday to my idol  @ realdonaldtrump ! i hope one day to be as successful as you !  # trump2016  work hard !
 @ felberjosh :  happy  # birthday to an awesome business icon ! read my first trump book at 14 which jump started my business success thanks
 @ doughutchins77 realdonaldtrump the world just won't be safe until the name trump is emblazoned on the white house
 @ dbigrock34 realdonaldtrump like i said trump for president usa needs a positive change
 @ commishjoe :  happy birthday to successful businessman and true american success story he certainly tells it like it is ! thank you
 @ glock34girl realdonaldtrump please run and get america back on its feet  stay tuned !
turnberry in scotland is a far superior golf course to pinehurst  and it isn't even close ! likewise the blue monster at doral
 @ ruvie18 :  happy birthday  @ realdonaldtrum pm y best author i never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice !
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump happy birthday to the best businessman in america !  thank you
 @ warrencasselljr :  happy birthday to  @ realdonaldtrump i wish you many more success ! you are greatness !  thanks
 @ demontre4 realdonaldtrump just looked at the sign and it looks great
 @ colinswood realdonaldtrump the trump sign looks great ! the haters are giving you good publicity though !
 @ theprimehost realdonaldtrump love the new signage keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others thanks
 @ theprimehost realdonaldtrump love the new signage keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others
 @ colinswood realdonaldtrump the trump sign looks great ! the haters are giving you good publicity though !
 @ tvmaryd realdonaldtrump i love the trump sign on your chicago building it's beautiful and it's your branding of trump keep fighting !
 @ fashfrontrunner realdonaldtrump love the signage on the chicago building ! i think you should request even bigger letters !
jailed usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi should be released immediately since when does mexico care about border security ? # bringbackourmarine
 @ kverb12345 realdonaldtrump sign is the right size given size of the building
 @ arbyoliver realdonaldtrump great chicago sign do not bend to pressure right on ! i won't thanks
 @ therhlp realdonaldtrump pumped millions into our chicago economy my brother worked on that building for 3yrs rahm should thank him !
 @ thisisjoshsmith :  i'll say it  you are likely the only republican who could realistically beat hillary in 2016 please consider running
 @ russelltriston realdonaldtrump would make a great commander in chief true intelligence common sense economy knowledge leadership
 @ nikkio :  i know i'm a day early for your weekend celebrationshappy birthday donald ! looking forward to your surprises for 20142015 thanks
 @ noce82 realdonaldtrump will you please run for president i will  # votedonaldtrump
 @ tstreck realdonaldtrump great building name looks awesome on it
 @ artv1028 blairkamin   @ chicagotribune you don't like it because trump is a conservative how many jobs has trump created in chicago
 @ aureliusjb realdonaldtrump mr trump i love your sign it really spiffs up that stodgy old town keep up the great style statements
 @ noce82 realdonaldtrump is a real man of his word he would help america  # trump4prez
 @ boog690 realdonaldtrump come home to nyc and put your name on all the buildings you want  # chicagosucksanyway 
 @ laura711hender realdonaldtrump live in the suburbs but saw the trump sign on your beautiful building really classy ! love it !
 @ bestgolfleague :  i don't understand the all the fuss the building is an exquisite edition to our skyline 
 @ nickkleutsch realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago personally i think the letters should be higher up make sure everyone can see that name !
 @ loveandfate realdonaldtrump your name on your building in chicago looks awesome !
 @ lifesanthem  @ trumpvancouver good  news  1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world ! a great place !
 @ dreamsoles1  @ realdonaldtrump you sir are a true inspiration to me i thank you  great thanks
 @ goodggg   @ trumpgolf with good service at his clubs imagine the service mr trump could give american people as pres !  true !
a third rate architecture criticwho i thought got fired—for the failing  @ chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the trump sign
 @ stac :  following  @ realdonaldtrump was one of the best decisions i've made on twitter love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
 @ dbigrock34 realdonaldtrump run for president you got my vote
a former miss new york is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in sunday’s miss usa pageant—beautiful ! 
shameful after trading 5 senior taliban for a deserter the white house is now attacking bergdahl’s platoon 
 @ davidinspired : trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy ! people would once again respect the us if he was elected !  # trump2016
 @ koonskin realdonaldtrump would make an amazing president best ever ! sadly i don't think he has the guts to run a shame we'll see !
 @ bigpapapruett realdonaldtrump the smartest businessman and the best president we could ever elect into office thus far !  # trump4prez
 @ smarkelon :  get this liar out of the white house  @ realdonaldtrump for president 2016 ! he has the drive and business leadership we need !
 @ bravofan2014 realdonaldtrump  @ misscassie1230 he has my vote we need an patriot in the white house again
 @ zahmada : it is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from iraq w/o having a fully prepared iraqi army wrong they could never do it !
 @ misscassie1230 realdonaldtrump for president ! smarter than any man in the usa !  i agree thanks !
eric cantor's concession speech was ridiculous  acted like nothing had just happened we need real leaders !
 @ jenn641 :  i really think  @ realdonaldtrump should run for  # president who's with me on that nomination ? !
 @ alexdavischevy :  next pres election is the first ill be old enough to vote in would vote for you in a heartbeat !  # trumpem  # trump4prez
 @ justalmir realdonaldtrump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you !  thanks !
tea party takes down eric cantor  really big win !
 @ filmbatonrouge  loved having  @ realdonaldtrump in town over the weekend for  # missusa  a beautiful city filled with beautiful girls thanks
 @ shousman86 realdonaldtrump mr trump please build our military and take care of our vets as commander in chief this would happen !
 @ pierscomments :  the only strong leader that the republicans have at the moment is donald trump
 @ alexniekamp realdonaldtrump loving the new trump sign going up in chicago ! thank you !
 @ bizservicesinc :  if donald trump runs in 2016 i will donate my time to campaign for him trump for president we need great leadership !
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself” – general douglas macarthur
 @ anjeleyz :  this is my nephew mr trumphe is having chemo againcan you look at this and send a message maybe  tyler get well soon  win !
 @ mdamelincourt  thanks m you are doing a great job at trump toronto !
 @ pzharris :  you have to love  @ realdonaldtrump tells it like it is  no bs aren't you tired of all the bs ?
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself” – general douglas macarthur
 @ mmurph  @ realdonaldtrump trump for president you are a very wise man that we need in office !  thank you
career advice from donald trump 
 @ marcogio13 been listening to  @ realdonaldtrump speak words of wisdom on youtube every night he really needs to be our next president  thx
 @ yzaccount   @ realdonaldtrump  your dad for sure has a son to be proud ofwe all are :  so nice thanks !
 @ gamezfrank  @ realdonaldtrump when do you sleep ?  not much sleep for me !
 @ dixonagnes :  as a scot thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of scotland but us needs u in dc  # presidentdonaldtrump
 @ killen2015 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump ran for president in 2016i'd totally vote for himwe need a business man to get the economy back on track
 @ kathy1453 realdonaldtrump  @ donaldtrump2016 trump for president you would make a difference i think you're great thank you !
 @ tbrandy100 : how about bush ? he lied about iraq and wmd's cost us 4000 lives  i agree i think he was also a terrible president !
 @ geraldbjohnson realdonaldtrump i would vote for trump ! we need discipline intelligence and most of all strength ! he would bring all 3
 @ realtessbloom :  in my first presidential election that i can vote in i would vote for  @ realdonaldtrump  # run2016  great !
 @ advertina realdonaldtrump would you be aggressive as president ?  not aggressive  smart !
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump you are the most gracious man in the business nowadays !  # trump2016 i have not heard that one but thanks !
 @ jasonboyer29 :  if washington had  @ realdonaldtrump type of leaders this country would be back on top  thank you and true !
just toured baton rouge louisiana  great people fantastic place doing really well miss usa pageant totally sold outtomorrow night nbc
i am in baton rouge where the miss usa pageant will be shown live on nbc on sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8  pm  incredible show !
happy 30th birthday  # ghostbusters ! it was great to have  @ trumptowerny be a part of the series 
only you can  # savethequeen during the live telecast of  # missusa on june 8 at 8/7c on nbc click for more info :  
“learn know and show it’s a proven formula put it to use starting today” – think like a champion
 # tbt a picture of my fantastic father and myself best teacher in the world ! a great father’s day… 
 @ gleisissantos reading  @ realdonaldtrump 's think like a champion  what a great and inspirational book  thanks good luck !
 @ ryceo realdonaldtrump i always tell people to vote for donald trump if he runs for  president he knows the real deal !
 @ elchucacabra realdonaldtrump obama can strike a deal with the taliban but can't make a deal with congress
 @ boycottmaypac realdonaldtrump he got the president to show his birth certificate ! he has clout my friend ! he can really stir things up !
 @ bretbaier has a wonderful new book  # specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already bret is a winner !
 @ lizzly  nearly anything would be more effective than obama  @ realdonaldtrump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration  thx
obama betrays israel yet again our strongest ally in the middle east he will recognize hamas breaking long standing us policy
 @ nklaeger we need a successful business person to upright the usano rookies trump is the man to do it !  thanks i agree !
chris mcdaniel looks like he will win in mississippi  great  news  and big victory for tea party !
 @  news busters  thank you for a great and very accurate story  well done !
 @ tquoteseday :  if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop ! instead make your work more pleasurable  donald trump
 @ wolfhausmann :  what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate donald trump
“the entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit” – midas touch
remember our six brave heroes who died searching for bergdahl after he deserted 
“the problem is that no government can create real jobs only entrepreneurs can do that” – midas touch
 @ lisav27  @ realdonaldtrump i want you mr trump as the president well we'd better get someone fastthe us is going downfast
 @ debssay  @ repleadconf enjoyed seeing you at the rlc mr trump ! great speech ! we need real leadership in america ! thank you
“it's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game” –  @ nyrangers stanley cup champion mark messier
great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a us military deserter that’s how the us negotiates nowadays
only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for bergdahl  # orangeroom
 @ mrcurvywor  @ realdonaldtrump enjoyed seeing you on  @ letterman ! you should run for president ! you would get this great country going again !
 @ alextbailey realdonaldtrump   @ letterman if you run as donald trump and not a democrat or republican the people will vote for you !
 @ iplanned :  a good  # plan violently executed now is better than a perfect  # plan next week  general george s patton
 @ deniseprobe :  your time on the david letterman show was so much more interesting than dr phil on kimmel show you look good i'd vote 4 u
entrepreneurs :  keep your momentum going ! it's a big factor in sustaining your success keep moving forward !
 @ amitgupta9  @ realdonaldtrump is the visionary with the midas touch america good times are on their way  thanks
 @ talismanjohnnya been waiting 3 weeks for my fixd is the man and just states things 'the way they are' love his segments great thx
 @ danmillman  i give  @ realdonaldtrump a lot of shit but trump national in bedminster is absolutely incredible thanks sort of !
another obama disaster 
 @ roneysamuel realdonaldtrump was at a whole other level this saturday thank you for coming down sir !  # torontointernational
 @ heisenbarry :  cant wait to see you in the oval office !  @ realdonaldtrump  make america great again !
 @ bojo123be realdonaldtrump all your towers are breathtakingproud of your charisma and versatility thanks
 @ negroamigo11 realdonaldtrump is the right man for the job  # trump2016
 @ bturner12387 realdonaldtrump 2016 is your year ! nobody better prepared to fix our country than you please run
 @ demegl10 realdonaldtrump if you runit will be the first time i vote
 @ awizzel10 realdonaldtrump we need you you are the answer to this nations problems  # trump2016
 @ joycegoodman64 realdonaldtrump running the us is much like running a business who better at that than the donald ?  # trump2016
 @ cmull43 :  i'm not sayingtrump should necessarily be a 2 term president give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
 @ taynishagray :  so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump ?
 @ tycedaggitt realdonaldtrump for president time for a change in the right direction
 @ rcoldwellbanker realdonaldtrump watching your cspan special from the other day i can't get enough of it !  thank you !
 @ adamsteinbaugh realdonaldtrump you need to run for president like right now mister trump
at some point sgt bergdahl will have to explain his capture in 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon many questions !
 @ joydacus84 realdonaldtrump not long obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home stupid man !
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations obama and his friends are tearing america apart
 @ mappleby747 :  trump 2016 ! we need someone who not only wants to change this country but can change this country  @ realdonaldtrump thanks
 @ fergton realdonaldtrump when the released prisoners kill americans what does obama say to their parents ?
 @ kylegolfmtnbike realdonaldtrump wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack americans ?
 @ rbrohammer :   just watched your speech at the national press club fantastic as usual please consider 2016 we need fantastic leadership
 @ chazkshand realdonaldtrump run for president ! we need a leader not a politician ! so true !
president obama created a very bad precedent by handing over five taliban prisoners in exchange for sgt bowe bergdahl another us loss !
 @ versongoetrix realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends !~ great !
 @ druudruu realdonaldtrump worked there once stayed there too it was a dream both times !
 @ mosanimusa realdonaldtrump great man doing great things  thank you
 @ 87krusty87 realdonaldtrump i saw the toronto hotel last year  it is a beauty indeed ! great addition to the skyline !
 @ ukcarioca realdonaldtrump do you ever sleep ? i see timelines from you at 35am ?  not much !
i am in toronto checking the great trump international hotel  highest rated hotel in canada it is a beauty !
 @ aliayacovlef  @ ivankatrump  @ realdonaldtrump you are such a great team i work with my daughter and i can understand the dynamic thank you
my speech to  @ pressclubdc on tuesday at the  # npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via  @ cspan 
my speech to  @ pressclubdc yesterday at the  # npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via  @ cspan 
great  @ nytimes story about our conversion of the old post office building in dc to luxury hotel 
“you cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today” – pres abraham lincoln
 @ joerusso9 realdonaldtrump should be the next president  thanks
the amateur on his trip to afghanistan our commanderinchief disclosed the cia chief’s name unsafe disaster ! 
winners never quit and quitters never win vince lombardi
 @ michaelshmikel realdonaldtrump if u don't run for prez i hope u r tapped for vp or fed reserve chair or anything  thanks
 @ talismanjohnnya foxandfriends when is mr  @ realdonaldtrump due back ? the last two weeks without him on monday's has scarred me monday !
 @ mrbearhere realdonaldtrump just started my business and everyday i tell myself  # beliketrump very nice thanks !
congrats to  @ teammitch on winning a spirited primary great job mitch
 @ ptarkkonen :  what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate donald trump  # leadership
 @ jfarquharlaird :  great to see  @ realdonaldtrump getting the respect he deserves a gentleman a friend a genius  thank you !
thx and from a better quotation source :  you miss 100 of the shots you don't take  wayne gretzky
 @ beepee2004  hi donald i thought you may like to see a photo of turnberry lighthouse i took last year 
 @ imnotsochey really hoping i magically run into  @ realdonaldtrump in new york city this weekend ! he's an inspiration ! thank you
 @ drake4444444 realdonaldtrump we have hope we still have mr trump !  thank you !
 @ tth7 :  just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox she's being cut to 30 hrs due to  # obamacare been there 5 yrs3 kids to feed very sad !
 @ ryantravers realdonaldtrump 10 years ago we had steve jobs johnny cash and bob hope now we have no jobs no cash and no hope !
 @ hshippey :  wow had a blast today what a guy :   thanks for the great photos  look forward to seeing the magazine !
with  @ ivankatrump and the chairman of damac in dubai 
hitting the first ball at trump international dubai 272 right down the middle 
“you have to be positive every single day positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success” – think like a champion
 @ persdevquotes :  « without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing » donald trump 
 @ blvd  @ realdonaldtrump we won't unless you get elected seriously no politician is capable of fixing this mess not even cruz or rand paul
i am in dubai with damac  place is booming  amazing ! major  news  conference in two hours announcing luxury villas and major golf course
30000 illegal immigrants with criminal records were released last year by our wonderful though highly incompetent government so stupid !
amazing five days  develo pm ents in aberdeen turnberry scotland and ireland are fantastic  the best anywhere in the world a lot of fun !
 @ intheelections realdonaldtrump  @ cjm8112 can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president ? ! thanks and true
 @ ninjaromantic :  if it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run donald then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet  # 2016  # president
 @ louiseramage realdonaldtrump seriously pleaserun for president we need someone who can get the job done with competence !
 @ ronanofficial :  great to hear that t just purchased doonbeg exactly what golf in ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy
 @ cjm8112 :  thanks for the golf course in the bronx ! what else do you have planned for us ? hispanics/latinos love trump ! and i love them !
 @ werealllemmings :  so many people post hateful messages to  @ realdonaldtrump yet they still follow himsecretly envious maybe ? no losers !
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump trump presidency would right the ship please run donald it can be done  thanks
 @ bethanydesiree :  lol  @ realdonaldtrump is seriously the man run for president please  our next president must be great that's me thanks
 @ roncanova trumpdoral  just flew your helicopter from national to doral best run operation period you are the man mr trump !
 @ gfstew :  fantastic to meet  @ realdonaldtrump yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in aberdeen  # itmustbenumberone
 @ jasondonoghue delighted you are investing in ireland great for our golf courses and our economy welcome to the emerald isle thank you
innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower  steve jobs
i am in scotland checking on my develo pm ents in aberdeen and turnberry just left ireland property will be great always checking !
 @ bryanpax   @ realdonaldtrump one of my favorite places in the world great resort great history now a great owner congrats !  thanks
 @ marionx72 hope you've enjoyed your time at turnberry the surrounding towns will benefit too  ! high 5 for the investment  thank you
 @ frobbedrickson  @ realdonaldtrump art of the deal just arrived at my house cannot wait to start reading this book thanks enjoy
don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quickthinking ability be on alert at all times
“be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances” – think big
can you conquer the blue monster ? book a tee time  @ trumpdoral right here 
do your homework wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression – think like a billionaire
 @ deirdreculligan i am delighted that you are getting to experience doonbeg in glorious sunshine  enjoy your visit  it was fantastic thx
 @ claretourism sending a warm welcome to the trump family who landed in  @ shannonairport  enjoy your stay in clare  thank you
 @ warrencasse :  a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back never underestimate the power of greatness realdonaldtrump
 @ irishtimes  thanks to you and the wonderful simon carswell for the great story on trump international golf links ireland it will be great
 @ incfw :  negotiation tip   the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it   @ realdonaldtrump
rosie o'donnell just said she felt shame at being fatnot politically correct ! she killed star jones for weight loss surgery just had it !
another historic first under obama businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed 
a message for hollywood 
 @ yagerblasters :  please run for presidentwe need your help get in there and fire those aholesyour a legend business man and love america
 @ christsonton realdonaldtrump now cleveland and the country needs you to run for president  thanks
cleveland just made a very wise decision  congrats !
 @ dallascowboys   jerry great pick  you will have a really good season !
great pick by buffalo  sammy watkins will be great !
 @ caleb2207 realdonaldtrump you were completely right as always ! thanks
“the object of golf is not just to win it is to play like a gentleman and win”  phil mickelson  @ mickelsonhat
 @ dabrain8 realdonaldtrump u mr trump cold be the next ronald reagan but u need to seriously announce your candidacy ! will you ? watch !
won $5000000 against miss pennsylvania sheena monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about miss usa pageant not a nice person !
aside from having no ratings sleazy ed schultz lied about what i said thank you scott whitlock  @ scottjw  
just had a great legal victory in ft lauderdale  won trial   now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers love it !
 @ thepodiumeffect :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump 
 @ baitedtrap realdonaldtrump  @ thechrismcqueen america needs to be put back in the hands of america reclaim this country of ours !
 @ frogchip10 realdonaldtrump should run for president ! what a great vote to make !  thank you
 @ 61webhead realdonaldtrump you could reverse the us economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as prez !  # wewanttrump
 @ leonard  @ realdonaldtrump even the irish are routing for you to become president also congrats on doonbeg golf course  # trumpforpresident
 @ larkindotty realdonaldtrump i admire u so much u would make a great prezplease run !
 @ thechrismcqueen realdonaldtrump dear sir please run america needs you  thank you or country can be great again !
 @ beltex63 realdonaldtrump  @ foxandfriends i think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a real differencetrue
 @ dineroworkceo realdonaldtrump your a great inspiration to a lot of people ! including myself !  thank you
 @ iamsloany realdonaldtrump you are the president we need !  thanks
 @ iamsloany realdonaldtrump you are my hero  so nice thanks
 @ bigthasyourback realdonaldtrump spot on about the media ! honestly just run 4 prez ! many will support u ! more than u expect !  thanks
 @ carsonmotz realdonaldtrump you are my inspiration  thank you !
 @ trumpgolfdc  congrats to my great members at trump national dc on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 pga senior championship !
the mayweather decision is a disgrace !
no way judges say mayweather won investigation should take place fix ?
floyd mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by marcos maidana but announcers say it is even two rounds left
 @ doublea2011 :  yoo  @ beyonce and jayz on the runtour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got donald trump money  ? ? not good
 @ jayrit  @ realdonaldtrump reading an all time favorite trump the art of the deal ! must read for the go getter make it happen entrepreneurs !
 @ drewmadeoff :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump does  @ vanityfair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues ?
 @ nikkio golfdigestmag donald loves the game is a perfectionist and master builder  every project is his personal masterpiece
 @ golfdigestmag :  like it or not the new master of the golf universe is donald trump 
 @ bryanbruce realdonaldtrump remember how awkward chevy chase was on his short lived talk show ?  but he was better than  @ sethmeyers
 @ kennokevin realdonaldtrump you should run for president in 2016 and have  @ vincemcmahon as your running mate  cute !
 @ xxalesa :  i know mine for 2016 and you've my vote  @ realdonaldtrump please get our country back where it belongs please thanks
weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character albert einstein
 @ aa94javy cant wait for 2016 so tired of this weak adm policy at home n foreign even worse america deserves better we can do better true !
 @ dotsonjordan  love the confidence that   @ realdonaldtrump has that's what makes a great leader  thank you
 @ darhowklo   cnn said you supported sterling but then when they showed the quote i thought no he doesn't !'  cnn lied !
 @ imalivearuis  i plan on becoming just as successful and big as  @ realdonaldtrump in business  greatwork hard !
 @ salpie   @ realdonaldtrump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to feds hiring  # obamacare exchange temps !  good question  ?
 @ franmfarber :  if anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it's  @ realdonaldtrump it will not even be difficult
 @ thaynespinks :  if i don't see  @ realdonaldtrump in office in the next decade i am moving costal and never returning we need a leader
with  @ vanityfair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey graydon carter is going to resign ? he should
china will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections pres obama – china’s greatest asset !
wow vanity fair was totally shut out at the national magazine awards  it got nothing graydon carter is a loser with bad food restaurants !
 @ kerricj gopthinker realdonaldtrump i still believe you would have beaten obama lmao  i do also !
 @ keegster51 realdonaldtrump please run for president ! we need a competent leader so i can find a job after college !  # trump2016
 @ golfdigestmag :  forget jack and arnie tiger and phil the master of the golf universe is now donald trump 
“concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger”  arnold palmer
 @ debysinghcindy   i have to express the great speech you gave us in march at the trump doral golf tournament momentum !  thanks
 @ drake4444444 realdonaldtrump i'm glad to see you come out strong against sterling today typical trump a strong voice
 @ media2commerce :  as long as you're going to be thinking anyway think big donald trump
 @ datriggakeithh :  donald trump has 90595800 views damn can i have that one day ?
commissioner adam silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning donald sterling
dopey  @ ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power
 @ sharonwilcox13  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumplasvegas are you running for president ? you should  thank you
 @ balango212  donald j trump my biggest inspirational in life  thank you
it is amazing that after lambasting donald sterling on  @ foxandfriends some dishonest press only reported my girlfriend from hell statement !
watch this amazing ad from  @ autismspeaks and learn the signs…
 @ trumpdoral’s red course redesign is underway will be completed in september follow all the develo pm ents 
 @ deannaspillyard realdonaldtrump obama makes george w bush look like the brightest crayon in the box
 @ jacobniermeyer :  donald trump will forever be mac miller's best song  true  he will never have another one to compete !
 @ obio  @ realdonaldtrump of course we have cards unfortunately we also have a community organizer not a seasoned businessman as president !
 @ blissfuldestiny realdonaldtrump is always right when it comes to political views ! pro trump ? ? 
 @ mc people need to start looking up to the real role models such as donald trump and warren buffett @ realdonaldtrump  @ warrenbuffett
 # tbt as a young man when i proposed the convention center in new york city 
 @ peterf101 i wish  # donaldtrump  @ realdonaldtrump would run for president i think he would be a great one  thank you
 @ bahia6085  @ ricktimlick the art of the deal is a fairy tale come true dreams can come true  nice !
 @ mrjamesdavidson  @ trumpscotland not at all !  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful thanks but it is working out great !
 @ kimkardarshian3 realdonaldtrump u afraid of getting  # poor  always have been !
 @ tumiarchitect :  learning to listen to my gut was the best thing i've ever done for myself inspired by  @ realdonaldtrump  # thinkbig great
 @ allamervet :  mr t pls buy the  # nytimes and turn it around for the truth ! these lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin
“i'm not afraid of failing i don't like to fail i hate to fail but i'm not afraid of it”   @ vincemcmahon
the obamacare enrollment numbers are a liethey will be ‘readjusted’ by the white house at an opportune time probably after ’14 election
 @ yosoyroberto  @ realdonaldtrump congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets awesome example of planning and scheduling ! thanks
 @ christinestergi   what's wrong with everyone mr trump will kick ass as president economy will flourish  thanks and true !
 @ ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on the art of the deal ! always admired you  thanks
 @ mrjamesdavidson  @ trumpscotland very proud to say i live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one  thanks james !
 @ sjleith  @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumpscotland a truly great course  best i have played in scotland  thank you
new yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from  @ attnyc and  @ tribecafilmfest my choice ? citizen kane  # filmforall
the city of buffalo is struggling moving the  @ buffalobills would be catastrophic the bills belong in buffalo !
 @ kingmeeetch realdonaldtrump celebrity business man or politician ? who cares you're damn good at all three
 @ polishprince21 realdonaldtrump i think you would be a great president but a better nfl ownerespecially the buffalo bills !  @ nflcommish
 @ terrell87 :   mr trump if you ran the country what's the  # 1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the united states ?  jobs !
 @ tarheelfullback realdonaldtrump you would make an amazing president !  thanks
 @ gabepaul58 realdonaldtrump would be the next best in guy next to ralph to own a franchise like the  @ buffalobills  ? ?  @ nflcommish
 @ mikeginett realdonaldtrump  # america needs a true businessman to run this nation you  i agree thanks !
 @ jorourke8 realdonaldtrump your the greatest man on earth  so nice thank you !
 @ financeturd realdonaldtrump you have many more followers on twitter than mark cuban  i also have far greater wealth and athleticism !
 @ leetimlin0511 :  i just want  @ realdonaldtrump to buy my bills ! perfect man for the perfect club  nflcommish
 @ youngsellz4 realdonaldtrump you'd be a great president mrtrump thank you the world would no longer look at us as fools !
interesting how president obama is flying around in a boeing 747 on socalled earth day !
“you measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up”   @ jackwelch
china is closing a massive oil deal w/ russia taking advantage of the ukraine conflict 
the nypd surveillance program kept nyc safe since 9/11 there will be tragic consequences for ending it
congratulations to  @ bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe  @ bostonmarathon the entire country is proud
 @ helmzyy   @ realdonaldtrump if you would buy the team that would be awesome ! just an extra win for my squad nflcommish
 @ nickvitello  the  @ realdonaldtrump brand is based on success and being a winner just what the  @ buffalobills need !  @ nflcommish
 @ tlwhitney1  @ realdonaldtrump  @ nflcommish would give the city hope  would give bills fans hope for a promising team
 @ ssalame11 realdonaldtrump you are a god  of real estate a great compliment and true  thanks !
“there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty”  margaret thatcher
obama told medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would “have more flexibility” it was music to putin’s ears
the biggest winner of obama’s ’08 win  vladimir putin ultimately he could be tied with iran after tehran becomes a nuclear power
a storied franchise with a loyal fanbase  @ buffalobills should remain in buffalo
 @ josegonzalez69    @ realdonaldtrump if you buy the team it would win the superbowl !  @ nflcommish
 @ yvonnecr   @ realdonaldtrump  please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great  i agree !
 @ coachofspin  my cousin working with j nicklaus to make ferry point one of the best golf courses ! will be great !  true !  @ jacknicklaus
 @ prayformetoo realdonaldtrump i detest  @ ariannahuff with a passion !   and for good reason she is a complete phoney !
 @ mikem  @ realdonaldtrump who the heck is arianna huffington anyway ? shouldn't somebody check her green card if that even matters anymore ?
 @ wasimperviz realdonaldtrump when will we see you again in  @ wwe ?  soon !
 @ 906reynolds :  donald trump is a leader and savvy businessman two qualities we lack and desperately need in dc thank you happy easter !
 @ salon : krugman furious with msnbc :  why don't they just hire donald trump and be done with it ? and their ratings would go way up and fast !
 @ arbruins penows  @ canizalvania obama is a horrible leader can't get anyone to agree on anything i believe trump is for real thank you
 @ irondan93 :  no matter what the occasion you always feel confident in a  @ realdonaldtrump button down  # almostgraduating great good luck
 @ gileshenley lukemckinney i read your  @ realdonaldtrump article and reread the old one  # brilliant as usual ! so colorful ! thank you !
 @ colin :  mr trump please buy our precious  # buffalobills with jim kelly you two know what the team means to  # wny love it !  @ nflcommish
 @ canizalvania :  donald trump will never ever get old ever  wow what a nice thing to say !
 @ alexdub182821 :  im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if  @ realdonaldtrump was the new owner true  @ nflcommish
 @ angelofleven realdonaldtrump where do you get your energy from ? unbelievable maybe sell the ingredients ? i wish i could !
 @ frankadgpr realdonaldtrump i recently heard you talked and acted like a billionaire before you became a billioanire  interesting
 @ wen  @ realdonaldtrump why aren't you one of the sharks on  # sharktank ? you would be awesome on there ? but the apprentice is much better !
 @ eaikenz realdonaldtrump  @ renovacion putin may be smart but he doesn't have the art of the deal !
 @ helfystyle realdonaldtrump you've got my vote for anything i'm ready to go to work !  thank you
 @ renovacion realdonaldtrump i'd love to see you up against putin it'd be quite a match !  i would win !
 @ weaverfever12 :  everyone i know in western new york wants  @ realdonaldtrump to be the bills next owner  @ nflcommish
 @ j1en  @ realdonaldtrump as my mentor and some1 i looked up to while in college in buffalo i think you should purchase the team  @ nflcommish
 @ tfox8 realdonaldtrump for president the only quasipolitician who knows anything about how to run stuff
 @ intheelections realdonaldtrump a very happy blessed easter to you mr trump  thank you and you also !
 @ stephencur :  first night in  @ realdonaldtrump hotel in doonbeg great location accommodation and food i think donald is onto a winner
the harder you work the harder it is to surrender   @ profootballhof  @ buffalobills head coach marv levy
 @ brettjamess  @ realdonaldtrump you will be the savior of the city of buffalo please buy the bills  @ nflcommish
oscar pistorious is guilty as hell !
always fun to read the  @ newyorkobserver investigative piece re  @ agschneiderman his mascara and more ! 
 @ owenfetnon  @ realdonaldtrump you buying the bills would be a dream come true ! thank you so much   @ nflcommish
 @ tpgraf82  @ realdonaldtrump we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady ! so true !  @ melaniatrump
america is at a great disadvantage putin is exkgb obama is a community organizer unfair
 @ davidbossie keep the bills in buffalo  @ realdonaldtrump can save them would be a great nfl owner nflcommish
the price of greatness is responsibility  winston churchill
 @ alertora27 if  @ realdonaldtrump does buy the buffalo bills they could become a winning team in the near future  thanks   @ nflcommish
 @ jimmyarellano  the best thing that could happen to new york sports is  @ realdonaldtrump  buying the bills thanks  @ nflcommish
i pick the best locations  @ trumpcharlotte has incredible views of beautiful lake norman 
 @ sipeterking :  why do baseball players slide headfirst ? are they just like not smart ?  great point and also thank you peter !
“happiness is not something ready made it comes from your own actions”   @ dalailama
“don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either deal with them !” – think like a champion
 @ nickysummer  @ alexsalmond wind farms are an eyesore all over scotlandruining the most beautiful parts of our country a disgrace ! true !
i'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverancesteve jobs
 @ alexsalmond  ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the atlantic ocean the reason would hurt tourism !
 @ houst :  this book im reading by  @ realdonaldtrump is truly inspiring  thank you
 @ jwysocki91 realdonaldtrump i live in nh and will vote for you in 2016  thank you !
 @ chpnaput :   donald you need to promote the gilc it is a great event and shows off doonbeg best resort i have ever stayed at !
on the shores of lake norman  @ trumpcharlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course 
 @ bahia6085  thanks i'm rewinding it now always makes my monday to hear trump on  @ foxandfriends  thanks
 @ talismanjohnnya   @ realldonaldtrump love watching ya manwish you did more on mondays than just 5 minutes or so though  @ foxandfriends
the people of ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism  @ alexsalmond  
 @ jordanspieth  great playing at the masters and don't get down jordan you will win many tournaments and many majors ! keep working hard
 @ jem72133 weehen82  @ realdonaldtrump i look up to him as he is my idol  thank you !
 @ miorazhari :  show me someone without an ego and i'll show you a loser donald trump
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump for president ! only man who knows how it actually works in politics !  thank you !
 @ rustywynnewood :   great day at trump national in charlotte you took a good club and made it great well done sir 
 @ sportsmotto :  winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves – donald trump
 @ ja :  as i’ve said before  @ realdonaldtrump has all of the qualifications necessary to be real america’s choice for president of the usa ! !
 @ globalflare :  negotiation tip   the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it   @ realdonaldtrump
 @ lfarotimi realdonaldtrump quote you don't have to be ruthless you have to be smart
entrepreneurs keep this in mind : great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds  albert einstein
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm   ralph waldo emerson
 # tbt on the stage during the emmys performing green acres with megan mullally 
 @ jenglelv realdonaldtrump had a great stay at  # trumplasvegas  thank you people love it !
 @ jenglelv realdonaldtrump the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career thank you  great !
 @ abbeyashir thequote :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing  donald trump
 @ billywmerritt realdonaldtrump i am democrat and i would vote for you  # trump2016  thank you !
 @ masonmarcucci :  you're definitely going to run just admit it you would wipe the floor with those clueless academics  # realworldsolutions
 @ happyguy201 :  i honestly think  @ realdonaldtrump would fix the mess this country has become  i could and would'
 @ tingmanusa realdonaldtrump eldycorrea realdonaldtrump yes go ahead and run for president we need you so badly ! yes we do !
 @ eldycorrea realdonaldtrump yes go ahead and run for president we need you so badly !
 @ kennicotasks realdonaldtrump of all the fellow celebrities you've met which do you consider to be the most humble ?  me !
 @ redroof65 i have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years he is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in september  great
 @ abspara we've spread out our son's vaccines as well he's all set and no ahem came because of it  great
“talent hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see” – arthur schopenhauer
 @ emiliomasella  @ realdonaldtrump the more i keep reading the more respect i gain for you thanks
looking forward to speaking at saturday's  @ citizensunited  @ afphq freedom summit in manchester second visit to new hampshire this year
 @ jnicoletti15  even my little one is loving our stay at trump national doral miami fabulous resort ! 
 @ laurencehasson  heading to toronto for for a stay at the trump i expect it will blow my mind  greatenjoy !  @ trumptoronto
the blue monster at trump national doral in miami is doing record business  everybody wants a piece of it great reviews thank you !
 @ lamodaya :  in life you don´t get what you want you get what you negotiate :  donald trump
 @ mcuban says he is a member of dallas national but doesn’t play golf who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play ? ? no talent !  @ tmz
saw  @ mcuban try to hit a ball in lake tahoe while i played in tournament he’s got no talent or strength !  @ tmz
 @ rtracingstables :  donald you epitomize what america was and i hope will be again hard work and determination equals success  thank you !
 @ ikiibrahim realdonaldtrump  the donald has done great all over !  thank you !
 @ ikiibrahim realdonaldtrump  the donald has done great all over !  thanks
 @ billdabeastii realdonaldtrump you done good in la they need to play a pga tourney here for real ! 
 @ tiffanypearls realdonaldtrump i want to work on the donald's campaign he is the only candidate worth the energy  # trump2016
 @ brucetobin realdonaldtrump hello mrtrump if you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote
 @ highlifelondon realdonaldtrump our meembers have voted trump international golf links as one of the best courses in the world !
 @ mikecarrion99 realdonaldtrump do the us a favor and run for pres2016 ! we need a real leader who wont put up w/ shit nicely said !
 @ mikehemenway :  common sense guts smarts proven leader !  @ realdonaldtrump what this country needs for president ! retweet if you agree
 @ oversplayer realdonaldtrump “hollywood has unfortunately become a memory it's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill”  mickey rooney
 @ jplw70 realdonaldtrump  @ lexi so happy for her too she played super !  she is a great player and a great person !
 @ luthervii realdonaldtrump do you think bush jr was a good president ? no not even close !
 @ dannyzuker :  i may disagree with much of what  @ realdonaldtrump says but that doesn't mean i think he's a terrible person somewhat nice !
haters and losers say i wear a wig i don't say i went bankrupt i didn't say i'm worth $39 billion much more they know the truth !
 @ licknenahan :  why isnt  @ realdonaldtrump our president our countries financial stability would be so much more secure  very true !
 @ chrisstocker :  love taking a drive up a1a and seeing that beautiful red white and blue huge flag blowing in the yard of  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ lewisbetesh realdonaldtrump  @ cmhollon  mr trump look into buying the mets from the wilpons they are failing nyc very sad !
 @ rivalofelmblock tmz mark cuban is a nut way less powerful than donald trump  i agree  also in many ways a total loser !
 @ ndumisozungu22 realdonaldtrump the only human i would trust to be president  thanks !
 @ notthatactor :   i've been cheering u on for many moons but i'm afraid you don't have the passion to actually run in '16  we'll see
 @ khaleejideal realdonaldtrump u r my role model since i was 18 now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration
 @ pbrunnerrr realdonaldtrump you should go to wrestle manina its good for business us fans want yod.c.resident
 @ godfocker realdonaldtrump please run for president you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016
 @ prayformetoo realdonaldtrump donald you should be president with bill o'reilly as vice p you would both fight for the abused kids
 @ thequote :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing  donald trump
 @ nikkio billion $'s goes missing from state dept where's the outrage ? if u were prez they'd find it fast 
 @ frankygarbaggio realdonaldtrump you are the man plain and simple  thank you very nice
 @ jhking17 realdonaldtrump please do our nation a favor and run for president !  # trump2016  somebody good better do that and fast !
 @ bluestar4fan realdonaldtrump  @ cnn been a long time since cnn was great could learn lessons in greatness from you and fox  news  true !
 @ bebesxm realdonaldtrump i cross the whitestone bridge regularlyit went from a dump to a masterpeicegod bless all you do  !  thanks
 @ cakeiteasy realdonaldtrump can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the bronx to open ! excited  it will be great !
 @ andrewkirell :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump do you think les moonves will give you the late show ? i would get the best ratings of all !
 @ pnerrad realdonaldtrump they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane donald
i can't believe that  @ cnn would waste time and money with  @ smerconish  he has got nothing going jeff zucker must be losing his touch !
 @ hafizzuddinmyu :  go for the next president of usa  @ realdonaldtrump  lets see the impact for the world  great man for great world !
 @ graciesavy houstongunn the next donald trump ! still marveling at your accomplishments keep up the good work  :   thank you
 @ moss92g  mr trump your children convinced me you r a class act standing with the folks in albany was icing on the cake thank you ! thx
 @ bigbro14  @ realdonaldtrump just booked my trip to trump intnl golf links in aug so excited to play the best  have fun !
 @ neilyoung one of my favorite musicians in my office 
 @ hotdawgs   @ realdonaldtrump hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our entrepreneurship class work hard and good luck !
 @ cfwaye   @ realdonaldtrump you know what is great about you you didn't just chase a dream you envisioned one  thank you
 @ danieljshaw  @ realdonaldtrump  @ letterman was always funny watching you two banter ! that will be missed !  i agree !
 @ andrereed83  thanks for your nice words you are a real champion i’m pushing !
 @ renee41961  @ realdonaldtrump i like the donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is !  # therealdeal thank you
i can't believe david letterman has announced his retirementhe is a great guy !  @ letterman
 @ 1tannedman    realdonaldtrump i have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything else  you have great taste thanks
 @ mateohielo please buy  @ buffalobills upstate ny would love to have you be the owner of our franchise  # prayersforjk thank you
 @ evneleven realdonaldtrump for president ! your the only one who knows how to run this country  # trumpforpres  # success  # awesomeness
 @ loganweiler11 realdonaldtrump i am wearing a trump tie today it is by far my favorite tie great  at macy's !
 @ abuon  i remember many years ago i hated  @ realdonaldtrump because the media told me to i now know he's a true american  thanks
yesterday in front of rockefeller center 
 @ martinjajou thanks for being a great role model it actually motivates me for greatness terrific !
 @ donnadeau thank you so much for supporting a larger galaxylike iphone screen even with glasses current one strains  # apple  true
 @ shaneandstamp realdonaldtrump your a respected businessman why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change you mean global w
 @ guyendorekaiser realdonaldtrump i've read art of the deal a dozen times ! only you can fix this country ! that is perhaps true !
 @ gretawire :  a giant thank you to all the on the record viewers at 7 pm  — you are the reason we remain  # 1 at 7 pm  !  great going greta
 @ marcogenovese  @ realdonaldtrump never give up ! that's how you make it happen true !
 @ thetrueanthony :  sunday nights this spring just aren't the same without  @ apprenticenbc how much longer ? shooting now on in the fall
 @ thisismendim realdonaldtrump i read your book 'think like a champion' i'm impressed it motivated me very much thank you
 @ kramersfarm :   you are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations big pharma and big ag control a lot of misinformation great job
 @ larksnestartist  @ magnasearchgrp as a pediatrician i have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years thank you for your efforts
 @ magnasearchgrp your new trump tower in vancouver looks fantastic i'm gonna pick up a unit just can't say no to 5star living  # motivation
 @ ell7654321 realdonaldtrump if u run for president u have my vote remember that !
 @ carltoncountry johnrich  do u have any idea when the new season of  # celebrityapprentice will be on ? in the fall  shooting now !
 @ oatestom realdonaldtrump i think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally votevote for you  thank you
 @ diverojalv realdonaldtrump  @ chrispilz my only concern w/trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms !  very cute !
 @ chrispilz realdonaldtrump would you consider running for pres in 2016 ?  that absolutely could happen our country needs help fast !
 @ wmdavid66 realdonaldtrump  @ arseniohall it is without a doubt true arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered
 @ danscavino realdonaldtrump ~ i was there when  @ arseniohall said that more then once by the way just saying it is  # fact  # true !
 @ txshaun realdonaldtrump its true he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice
 @ alexarancio arseniohall doesn't mention apprentice because his ego won't let him it's why he failed originally and will fail again
 @ arseniohall  the only thing you don't mention in the nice esquire piece about yod.c.he apprentice without which you would be nowhere !
 @ princessdaytura  @ realdonaldtrump for president  it's reality he is reality and he is the only one capable of making the necessary changes
 @ hrvstfoundation  @ realdonaldtrump  @ samjabbo the art of the deal gets my vote it changed the way i do business great !
sse slashes offshore wind investment—wants british government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   
join  @ autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2  # liub will raise awareness for millions with autism !
 @ koos32  @ realdonaldtrump nice picture donald i can see where your great looks come from your parents did a great job ! thanks
 @ karenhaywood3  realdonaldtrump  both your parents were very nice looking  great photo ! thank you
 @ steal70  @ realdonaldtrump enjoying the toronto property for my first time  great service from shane and ali thank you  @ trumptoronto
 @ saladgyrl rockchalkspence  someone i know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in dr's office was autistic after
 @ giorgimassimo : 3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich ! you're the best business man your tips are precious ! thanks in advance
coach w to his basketball players  be quick but don't hurry !
 @ ctsa realdonaldtrump when i was a kid there were 8 now they give upwards of 3140 it's an assault on the immune system
 @ shaughnessy89 realdonaldtrump is the man ! give us a shoutout for your friends in ireland donald !
 @ william76960376 realdonaldtrump you are truly the greatest person alive !  # your  # awesome  wow thanks !
 @ zigmanfreud :  please thank  @ realdonaldtrump for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for joe paterno
 @ cindyculler2  @ realdonaldtrump love this picture and she was a great beauty !  thanks for the private family picture thanks
 @ candynecklace2  wow wow wow ! your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like  @ melaniatrump  ? ?  true !
 @ eruditetina     @ realdonaldtrump your parents must have been wonderful people thanks for sharing they werethanks
 @ kierenash  @ realdonaldtrump run for prez donald you'll be great ! what america needs save us from this marxist !  thank you
 @ jaredparker  please run for president mr trump ! the republican party desperately needs someone of your qualifications
 @ kerrkerr73  @ realdonaldtrump then run for president !  ! sick of the crap going on in the white house  thanks
 @ rickclement  it's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter real leaders lead like you donald ! please run  ! thank you
 @ snudge11  @ scotlandgolf1 i played it yesterday and i have to say it was the best golf course i've ever played thank youso true !
 @ theodopolis  just left the  @ realdonaldtrump building in nyc  beautiful building and very professional  thank you
 @ koos32 donald he was a great iconic leader hoping you can be one for us in couple years too !  # trump2016  thank you
if you're going through hell keep going  winston churchill
 @ wesbart53 :  watched his speech yesterdaypathetic carteresque weak his delivery is so cautious not to offend absolutely zero  true !
 @ ritholtz :  my understanding is tim cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iphone  true !
you miss 100 of the shots you don't take   wayne gretzky
 @ tpgraf82  @ realdonaldtrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but i'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 thank you
 @ jvickersdc  staying at trump international resort in miami well done sir wish we could stay a couple more days ! great family vaca thx
 @ angelproroofing  @ trumpdoral i've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far thanks
great advice from my mother :  “trust in god and be true to yourself” – mary macleod trump
lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft i won't fly on the boeing 787 dreamliner  it uses those batteries
plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo fire could have started in cockpit
 @ brownsmakemeugh :  it's very important that he fills out his march madness bracket on sportscenter while putin takes over eastern europe
 @ maxknoblauch :  im voting for  @ realdonaldtrump to b president of the world n clean up this mess were in and we are truly in a mess !
it's almost like the united states has no president  we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster good luck everyone !
 @ alexsalmond wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourismelectric bills in scotland are skyrocketingstop the madness
 @ secularbobby realdonaldtrump hey you are so cool and i'm voting for you in 2016  very nice !
 @ thetomburkeshow :  @ alexsalmond this what we really want in aberdeen ? wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc 
 @ teapartythad realdonaldtrump man dj ! you are such an inspiration brother thanks for being you ! thank you
 @ frontrowbrian you also hosted the greatest mma event of all time  # wrestlemania twice you are a great american sir  thanks
 @ kunlejimber    realdonaldtrump i just got one of your ties such a nice brand great ! thx
 @ bllheaded  finally read the art of the deal outstanding book and applies to every facet of life  # thinkbig  thanks
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer   albert einstein
 @ keegster51 realdonaldtrump you are a true role model of success thank you for being my inspiration  # trump2016  thank you
 @ alexlestari :  the best investment i made is the one i didn't make donald trump  # apc  can be very true !
 @ troymeaz realdonaldtrump you need to become president before world war 3 starts !  do not kid yourself world war iii could happen
 @ youngdf50 :    @ peaceisweakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican today's world needs a real leader thank you !
 @ peaceisweakness :  trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the west only one man in america could deal with putin  # trump2016
 @ joeycolumbo realdonaldtrump please run for president america needs you ?
 @ janierner realdonaldtrump only deal should be presidential dealhurry  we need help fast !
5 year old trey has terminal cancer i'm helping him go to disney won't you ? 
 @ pepper4366 thought your show would never return what is start date  # celebrityapprentice  start shooting next week !
join  @ autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2  # liub will raise awareness for millions with autism !
“some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them”   anonymous
the best vision is insight  malcolm forbes
 @ garyplayer :  what a fantastic test of championship golf congratulations to team trump on a superb result all round  @ trumpdoral best
 @ garyplayer  as a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair the blue monster played last weekend gary player villa loved !
 @ drjoshmiddleton realdonaldtrump mr trump please consider the presidency rather than ny gov race the country is a mess
 @ crpietschmann unclelouie42  @ realdonaldtrump also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented ? both !
 @ dallinmiller realdonaldtrump is in my psychology book from the 90's and still looks the same  # nothuman 
 @ timpdion :  you may love  @ realdonaldtrump you may hate him but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like matt lauer
 @ asenaphotograph realdonaldtrump you are just smarter and better prepared  so true !
 @ ellentime1 realdonaldtrump loved you on today ! your were great  thank you !
just did thetoday show to announce that baton rouge louisiana will host the miss usa pageant on sunday june 8th  @ miss usa
congratulations to  @ trumpintrealty for the two top rentals in 2013 !  
wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at trump park avenue—each one  $100000 per month 
with the complete ft lauderdale victory i will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable
just in jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in ft lauderdale
 @ houstongunn :  so excited for tomorrow to head to  # newyork to tour  # trump tower ! i am so looking forward to meeting  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ carisa01huston realdonaldtrump you rockditch the haters and keep speaking the truth they just don't like what they hear !
 @ mattmiller728    realdonaldtrump i love all of your books very helpful  thanks good luck !
 @ sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in doral app works effortlessly is easy to use to book rooms unlike obamacare
 @ nicktorch   reasons why i love  @ realdonaldtrump he isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people out  true !
 @ joetorre   congratulations to patrick reed for his win yesterday  @ trumpdoral ! the new  # bluemonster lived up to its name  thanks joe
 @ bnmaui realdonaldtrump you may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 presidential election please consider i will !
 @ rickdavenport8  @ trumpdoral looking forward to taking on the monster soon so what is the donalds best on it ? ? exciting looking course ! !
have passion drive and enthusiasm ? you can check out the  @ trumpcollection careers here :  
the massive blue monster  @ trumpdoral is getting rave reviews i built it in one year—no easy feat !
other  worthy people were taken off the  @ cnbc list as well stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility
the  # cnbc 25 poll is a joke i was in 9th place and taken off politics ? no wonder  @ cnbc ratings are going down the tubes
congratulations to patrick reed for winning at trump national doral he told me the blue monster is the best course i've ever played
 @ dollarmana realdonaldtrump not sure what was more impressive todaytiger woods making 8 birdies or your golf course
leaders at trump national doral are only one under par the great ben hogan said i've never seen a great course that was easy !
congrats to  @ alcardenasacu and  @ cpac news  i really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific !
 @ intheelections realdonaldtrump awesome speech ! you can watch it here :  
you're never a loser until you quit trying  mike ditka
live on the edgeno complacency is allowedand keep an open mind business is a creative endeavor
baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in march in a long recorded history  4 degrees other places likewise global warming con !
 @ mitt romney strongly stated in one of the debates with pres obama that russia is the big problem obama scoffed mitt was 100 correct !
new york magazine just named the most influential tweeters in ny and one donald trump was  # 2 after espn actually i'm easily  # 1 !
 @ keemstarx :  if  @ realdonaldtrump was president middle class would make more $ i honestly think he could keep jobs in america ! so trueeasy
 @ jwiadvisory theellenshow you did a great job at the oscars despite what  @ realdonaldtrump is saying ! oscars sucked ellen off her game !
 @ theellenshow  ellen you should get rid of andy lassner  the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent good try last night !
 @ scorpioman1973 :  the best ending to the  # oscars would have been  @ realdonaldtrump saying you're fired
 @ pandoerra realdonaldtrump i think you could have directed a better oscars mr trump  # oscars much better !
 @ dianelmarshall realdonaldtrump when do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency ?  we shall see !
 @ rezarezvani realdonaldtrump you need to run for president this country needs you  # trump2016 zip i know oscars
what is he reading ?  # oscars
mm is a good choice  also nice guy !  # oscars
 @ williamn95 realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity/business man please run for president we need someone competent so true !
 @ vlasaro realdonaldtrump you inspire me to keep going on every day
 @ cashmoneybonas realdonaldtrump i wish i was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
angelina and sidney had a really strange vibe going !  # oscars
 @ natenorth43 realdonaldtrump is the man so true !
 @ benjaminmayne realdonaldtrump you've won me over great job tonight i'm not trying to win anyone over it really sucks !  # oscars
 @ christuhglo realdonaldtrump i love how you handle the haters you mean the haters and losers !
 @ jshah500 realdonaldtrump you are the most negative person i've ever followed  thank you !
this cannot be the the academy awards  # oscars awful ! ! ! !
they should have allowed applause during the tribute to the departed  really bad production bette midler sucked !  # oscars
 @ bradr0bins0n realdonaldtrump is on point with his tweets about the  # oscars tonight hilarious !
 @ johnnyhabit realdonaldtrump why the fuck do i even follow you ? because you're addicted to genius asshole !
judy garland was much better to put it mildly !  # oscars
ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines  # oscars
do you believe this singing ?  # oscars
certain people are ruining their reputations tonightreally sad !  # oscars
i'm having a real hard time watching the academy awards so far the last song was terrible ! kim should sue her plastic surgeon !  # oscars
 @ beaumontanthony :  if donald trump was president of the usa am sure negotiations on the crisis in ukraine would be moving forward now
 @ txshaun realdonaldtrump your tweets make my day your awesome thanks !
i am at trump national doral in miami as the best golfers in the world start arriving for the world golf championship cadillac a big week
sissy graydon carter of failing vanity fair magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problemhis vf oscar party is no longer hot
 @ rexhuppke :  i'm holding off on forming an opinion on the ukraine situation until i hear what donald trump has to say about it very smart !
 @ timmyvafides :  just received my order of  @ realdonaldtrump brand ties in the mail today sharpest looking ties on the market thanks !
 @ davidgriffinjr realdonaldtrump  @ senrandpaul great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius ! thanks it was a lot of fun
 @ belizondo2 realdonaldtrump if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question ! thanks
 @ ehabeassa :   most don't know the chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the us dollarthey will screw us as long as we allow !
 @ bldrnr69 realdonaldtrump thoughts on ukraine ? plz run for president so we can have real leadership for us !
i'll be playing golf tomorrow in palm beach at the number one rated golf course in the state of florida trump international golf club
black politicians are in prison based on shirley huntley’s statements but not white  @ agschneiderman racism !  
i think the  @ newyorkobserver was far too nice to sleazebag  @ agschneiderman he’s got plenty more to worry about !
 @ iamnixz :  you have to think anyway so why not think big realdonaldtrump xxx
 @ mwgfdn :  have u all seen the trump episode of mighty planes ? its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is ! the plane is 1of a kind !
congrats to charles  @ krauthammer for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming !
 @ agschneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation
success tip :  achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
 @ shawcrossblue  @ finestgolfholes  @ realdonaldtrump this looks epic ! i need to play this course !  it is great !
 @ thebriangentry great advice my dad also a developer always reminded me that we're in the problem solving business  so true !
 @ 11summerb  as a dutchess county resident that is the absolute truth ! it's a course and facility to be proud of mr trump !   thank you
 @ metrolinkfails kieranlalor mr trump it's called envy easy as that but so much $$ is raised for charity
 @ rabidcop109        thanks donald for the biz tips really have me feeling like i can go do this ! great ideas  terrific !
 @ davidvnyc   trump tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the new york skyline  # iloveny  thank you
to aspiring entrepreneurs :  be tenacious once you've decided on your goals remain fixed on them set the bar high !
to aspiring entrepreneurs :   be focused ! know your goals put everything you've got into what you're doingevery single day
models ! remember to register for the trump model search check out the info here :  
congrats  @ marklevinshow on fantastic articlewhen “b” writes so nicely about you it really means something 
 @ orangeblood16  # syracuse is about to be a little more lively  @ realdonaldtrump to visit for republican fundraiser looking forward to it !
 @ sirtyro saw this today from a few hundred feet ! very impressive building ! 
 @ gina660 realdonaldtrump r the rumors true mr trump running 4 pres we need a smart person in the white house
 @ thesergiogarcia played the new trump doral this morning ! should be great for next week ! thx sergio u will do great next week see u then
 @ sobakawa89 realdonaldtrump  he'll never run can you really imagine trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust ? i' ve done worse !
 @ xxjustme :  “ @ realdonaldtrump realdonaldtrump i think you should run for president so do many others  thanks !” you have my vote
 @ kelsey2155 realdonaldtrump you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much   we shoot in 3 weeks  great cast !
 @ dannbushh realdonaldtrump i think you should run for president so do many others  thanks !
 @ reagannation :  michael savage :  donald trump is the only republican that can beat hillary 
 @ allenwest  great seeing you last night at record setting maralago republican event the crowd loved you !
 @ barmesandnoble :  if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happyif he wins i will be beyond beyond happy so nice thanks !
 @ leoncekakore realdonaldtrump what is the secret behind your success ? good ideas and concepts but beyond everything i never quit !
 @ chronicle pm  realdonaldtrump for president and some ignorant fools don't understand i am campaigning for him dead heads  @ istarttrend
 @ cstevechristyjr realdonaldtrump the country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out china dt for p !  true !
 @ tnaps85 :  if donald trump is our next president america will be savedith and all will be well in the world amen and alleliua  true !
 @ jkmartin16 realdonaldtrump for potus 2016/ @ melaniatrump for flotus ! can tell you with certainty she would be great !
 @ mfantauzzo1 :  please save this country mr trump going to take a business genius to clean up obamas mistakes you got my vote !
 @ rampage31 realdonaldtrump if you run sir you have my vote  # trumpforpresident thanks
 @ bryantcope :   this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances  # trumpforpotus
 @ nsugra realdonaldtrump looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in  # palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters ! great !
 @ barrman realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote  !
 @ lakehostetler realdonaldtrump mr trump in a nutshell what is my best course of action to succeed ? great ideas and hard work !
 @ davidinspired realdonaldtrump please run for president this country needs your wisdom  i agree thanks !
 @ walshfreedom realdonaldtrump  @ kieranlalor or buy my books or chocolate or water or my clothing line and make me money dopey !
 @ meganlumetta :  i've been the first one to favorite three of donald trumps tweets and i'm pretty proud  @ realdonaldtrump  great !
 @ kieranlalor realdonaldtrump why didn't you just add be sure to tune in to nbc this fall for the apprentice ? a very good point !
 @ michelleneuf realdonaldtrump  we need you and giuliani in whitehouse we need a crime fighter who knows crime and your creativity
 @ kieranlalor  i created far more jobs and success in dutchess than youyou should be fired
“ @ joerepublic1  @ mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs !  true thx
 @ ronfournier  actually i like you !
for the ny state repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 31 dems—is insane
ny state republican party must unify or november will be another disaster
internal polling shows that i would swamp  @ robastorino  in a ny republican primary 77 to 23 but won’t run if party is not unified
 @ willweatherford  @ flgovscott gaming in miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue
 @ flgovscott  gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in fl—they’re afraid of miami—can’t believe their luck !
i read  @ willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in florida”—nothing could be worse for the state
 @ sovereignchadg  when will the pga tour be coming to trump national ? march 5th
isn't it crazy i'm worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit ! wild
 @ samraj25 realdonaldtrump i just saw that many indians have mrtrump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books ! !super
 @ amspec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of  @ buzzfeed and the very dumb ben smith
 @ iamebbot realdonaldtrump jesus would be so proud of you donald
 @ amarudacosta :  sadly  @ realdonaldtrump was correct about south africa  the level of violence is irrepressible
i wonder how much money dumb  @ buzzfeed and even dumber ben smith loooose each year ? they have zero credibility  totally irrelevant and sad !
 @ fastercarrrrrrr realdonaldtrump why are you not running for president in 2016 we'll see what happens !
 @ spinningdisk realdonaldtrump ignore them mr trump don't waste your time sounds like a personal problem for them losers !
 @ michaelksc realdonaldtrump  @ thedropkicks whether global warming or climate change the fact is we didn't cause it we cannot change it
it's not climate changeit's global warmingdon't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
 @ tahanna realdonaldtrump hope one day we'll be honoring you on presidents day  so nice !
 @ chrismashimbyi :  the art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump is one of the greatest books ever !  thank you !
 @ scotgov :  scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power 
i never equated wind farms to the pan am lockerbie disaster  only stated that  @ alexsalmond should never have released the terrorist  bad !
 @ bushpiggy realdonaldtrump jealous you got a magnificant course like doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world fact
 @ helscahill realdonaldtrump congrats on adding the beautiful west of ireland to your golf club portfolio you have lifted the country !
 @ fitbafan neaver82  @ realdonaldtrump the majority of people near the course fully support it problem is a vocal minority scotland
how come discredited reporter  @ mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in new hampshire buffalo and ny were all record breakers !
 @ enviroclean519  @ trumpchicago my wife and i stayed there for our anniversarybeautiful placeamazed that all the staff remembered our name
 @ adamedinburg realdonaldtrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same ! can i get a rt ? ?
the brand new blue monster golf course at trump national doral is doing fantastic business also the new driving range is open at night !
 @ youngsinatra :  donald trump is still my favorite mac miller track  mac has certainly done well with me ! how many hits now on twitter ?
 @ markadamsbball :  without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump  # passion
 @ drewmadeoff :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump :  i never did a day's work in my  # life it was all  # fun  thomas a edison
 @ brianfinn96 realdonaldtrump will you be coming to doonbeg  ? ?  yes very soon
 @ joandkev8 realdonaldtrump what the date of celebrity apprentice i'm excited to see it  start shooting in 3 weeks
 @ reexaminelife  monday i lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you always exceed your customers expectations thx
 @ jakejuliot     @ realdonaldtrump when will we know the cast for the next season of  # celebrityapprentice ? very soon
 @ stewart5337 :  hi don't know why it took me so long to follow youwelcome to ireland looking forward to visit your new golf club
 @ robertundefined realdonaldtrump is the real deal he is the man ! thanks !
 @ sheridanbetts :  can't wait for  # cpac because of  @ realdonaldtrump  i look forward to it also
 @ augustleo14 realdonaldtrump  @ tsharp4 i totally agree ! the brain the don has is so inspiring ! i've loved him for years !  thanks !
 @ pierpaolomonni :  i definitely agree with  @ tsharp4 !  @ realdonaldtrump really hope you will run for president ! thank you !
 @ mbmirish realdonaldtrump congrats on your purchase in ireland how do i apply to work there ? write to manager joseph  good luck !
 @ tsharp4 :  donald trump would be the most ideal president thank you !
 @ mandreinahp        you're one of my idols from age 15 i read your books at 18 i started my company thanks great !
make it special !  no better place to celebrate st patrick's day in the windy city than  @ trumpchicago 
innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower steve jobs
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest benjamin franklin
the blue monster golf course officially opens tomorrow at trump national doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony great course great reviews !
wow just in  obamacare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs  even dems are shocked by 25 million number disaster !
massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in us smart that global warming hoaxsters changed name to climate change ! $$$$
cbo estimates over 23m jobs will be lost due to obamacare 
congrats to presobama and dems cbo has tripled its estimate of working hours lost due to obamacare 
in 2016 the old post office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination trump int'l washington dc 
wind energy is a complete economic disaster… 
chance favors the prepared mind louis pasteur
enjoy the super bowl !
 @ laurd123 :  oh hey i saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with donald trump  @ oreillyfactor will do great today with interview of o !
 @ bhughes657 :  i wonder if nbc will have  # rachelmaddow interview donald trump before the olympics ?  would get great ratings !
go to the website for the judge's full decision re trump university :   
court finds in favor of trump university 
 @ godfatha702  @ agschneiderman let's see if msm reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation thanks
 @ obrienmurray     let's hope the press covers the loss for  @ agschneiderman as they did the false charges ! thanks
lightweight  @ agschneiderman just got his ass kicked by trump !
 @ danrothweil     donald wins again with the best brain break tweet aristotle quote thanks and back to work thank you
 @ idollylenz  right on ! “success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results thanks dolly !
raffaele sollecito was unfairly convicted he didn’t kill anyone the italian government should be ashamed  @ raffasolaries
 @ iamstevent stopped by my office to say hello a great guy ! 
“design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable” – midas touch
the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights will also increase crime
 @ caleb2207 realdonaldtrump is our future only he can turn our country around  # trump2016
 @ desheay realdonaldtrump donald trump for president 2016 a new era of prosperity for all  true and it would be easy !
remember when comedian bill maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the world trade centerthen got canned by abc ?
 @ vickicedeno realdonaldtrump donald trump for president ? that would be so awesome ! nice !
 @ ousg realdonaldtrump please mrtrump america needs someone like you to help our country trump 2016 for president thank you !
“the cheapest natural gas in the world is in the united states”   @ boonepickens
now the un is attacking  @ redskins franchise 
thanks to everyone for your support on  @ cnbc’s “top leaders icons and rebels” vv
it was great being on  @ mikeandmike in the morning espn—two great guys fantastic show !
snowing in texas and louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond global warming is an expensive hoax !
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer  albert einstein
 @ hmunjal realdonaldtrump when will you come to my homecountry india to see the progress of trump towers in pune ? very soon !
apple's iphone sales fell way shortthey must go to a larger screen as alternative fast as i said long ago ! samsung's size much better
for entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss it's fatal it's costly and it's for losers you either get organized or get crushed
afghanistan's so called leader karzai is toying with the us
 @ kwrcrow realdonaldtrump tell it like it is sir don't pull any punches keep up the good work i will thanks !
any and all weather events are used by the global warming hoaxsters to justify higher taxes to save our planet ! they don't believe it $$$$ !
 @ dawsonstock :  don't forget global warming can also mean earth is getting colder ! that way they cover both sides of the fence !
 @ nandigold13 realdonaldtrump thanks for all the inspirational tweets i like tolearn from the best  thank you !
 @ tonywelch007 realdonaldtrump it all starts at @ trump doral  ! the best in all of the world will face the test of the newbluemonster !
honored to be named as one of business’s “top leaders icons and rebels” by  @ cnbc 
will be leaving palm beach for the 11 am ceremony opening the magnificent gary player villa at trump nationak doral miami gary is great !
happy anniversary to my wonderful wife  @ melaniatrump  a truly great decision by me ! 
 @ jjprl :  just left  @ trumpdoral what an amazing spot  @ realdonaldtrump and his team have done an incredible job go see for yourself  # doral
 @ lareid :  i like thinking big if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big donald trump  # beepic
“you're never a loser until you quit trying”  mike ditka
wwii vs now ! during the 3 1/2 years of world war ii that started with the japanese bombing of pearl harbor cont 
movie producer harvey weinstein who lost his company to colony capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violencereally !
 @ bbeltku :  named my first born son after  @ realdonaldtrump hope he lives up to the name !  he will be a total winner !
 @ mckprk realdonaldtrump is my inspiration to be great work hard and smart !
 @ realmaky :  i really look up to  @ realdonaldtrump his work ethic is great ! continuing to work hard and to work smart  ? ?
 @ benlouix realdonaldtrump you are the most influential man in the world and  @ rsherman25 is a close second after tonight's game
 @ chadsheridan :  i'm inspired by people all the time people like my parents grandparents and yes  @ realdonaldtrump the guy is smart
 @ sendrajeremy :  can only try to be as successful as the  @ realdonaldtrump  # getkatapulted  work hard !
 @ toddthomson12 :  is there enough room for  @ rsherman25 and  @ realdonaldtrump egos in nyc at the same time ? yes !
 @ allen1328 realdonaldtrump next president of the us
 @ hartataq81 realdonaldtrump  @ arabinkid88 when you going to be our new potus  only time will tell  thanks !
 @ diamondman23 realdonaldtrump this guy has got good stuff your the man trump 130am and i'm up reading your book 
 @ akersjoshua pearlingjosh absolutely amazing still not sure about running for pres mr trump ? ? lol the world loves you thanks !
 @ pearlingjosh :  you are a big inspiration to me mrtrump i'm 24ugandanwhen i make iti will call my first business in djtrump we trust
 @ edwardfcox and  @ robastorino who i like are intent on another new york state suicide mission they've got to get their act together !
senate concludes “benghazi could have been prevented” 
 @ breitbart news  continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting ! andrew’s legacy lives on
terrible story on front page of nytimes about lightweight  @ agschneiderman  
department of homeland security has spent $35 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget !
 @ tedbishop38pga   thanks ted see you at the show !
gabriel sherman’s book on roger ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies publisher should be ashamed and sued
 @ wlynton    it's my 30th b day today and a reply from you would be the best gift ever ?  happy birthday
 @ tonyge0101   realdonaldtrump  why don't you buy your own team ? you'll be the best owner ever !  thanks
arod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere he should be banned from spring training
 @ newyorkgop the ed cox letter to republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written weaknesssad !
 @ jerseyshoelace :  i have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow  @ realdonaldtrump on a daily basis you can't live without it !
 @ markmizzousteel realdonaldtrump  @ ichicagoscott  @ trumpchicago trust me i have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic !
 @ johnnyb23390 realdonaldtrump  the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate keep up the great work !
watching gates on  @ seanhannity  looks like he got hit by a truck ! why didn't obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement ?
 @ solomondodson realdonaldtrump someone as smart as you should seriously run for president  thank you !
 @ mustbeat15 :  i'll be just like you one day  @ realdonaldtrump you can do better than that !
 @ arqpallares :  finallypunta del este will have its own trump tower ! missed  @ ivankatrump this year and hope to see you in the opening !
 @ str8thinker :  as president  @ realdonaldtrump would surround himself with great people  no more mediocrity  true !
 @ ryleyrlynn realdonaldtrump please run for president mr trump ! the country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job !  thank you
 @ michelewv realdonaldtrump please run for president and straighten things out  there is plenty to straighten out !
 @ preachpalerider :   begged you 3 years ago to run for pres2016 is america's last shot before descent into darknessconsider it now
 @ tinapiper realdonaldtrump so ready for another  # celebrityapprentice i love love that show !
 @ jennamstrachota realdonaldtrump always inspiring me to be my personal best ! i appreciate it
 @ kclivegreen realdonaldtrump thanks for the positive words of wisdom !
think positively zap negativity immediately focus on the solution not the problem be persistent and alertevery single day momentum !
 @ carolyngoltman  it's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if i could get a retweet from such an inspirational man  :  happy birthday
 @ twerkmlley realdonaldtrump  @ robsine did you know your picture is on here ? ! you were so cute omg !  ? ? 
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump only you know the truth donald please run for president only you can save the  # usa
 @ cnolan :  we need someone like or  @ realdonaldtrump himself for president in 2016 ! thank you !
 @ pruettjason realdonaldtrump would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever  # followtheleader
 @ arekrnbn  just finished another great trump book one more to go  @ realdonaldtrump 
 @ betterhermann      @ caleb2207  @ oreillyfactor i think a show on fox w/donald trump would be something to look forward to agree
 @ jglenstevens no we need a great businessman
 @ helenatorry i consider myself too perfect and have no faults
 @ calipaulmichael    @ realdonaldtrump do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you ? ? yes
 @ nsatte realdonaldtrump i'm a big fan we just got a trump mattress and it's great like i knew your brand would be from serta !
 @ sunflowers362 realdonaldtrump i have been reviewing my options for this  # obamacare it has me with  # sleepless  # nights i'm worried !
 @ carminevalenti realdonaldtrump please run for presidenteveryone will vote for youoh yeah and buy the mets they'll be 1620 every year
 @ heelsofsteelah realdonaldtrump please be our next president ! we will all vote for you ! !
 @ darlenemichele realdonaldtrump  @ g0d u would definitely be our best looking president ever  :   thank you very nice !
 @ jenylyn23 realdonaldtrump what would be your first action as president ?  to end obamacare !
 @ g0d realdonaldtrump when will we have another president like reagan ?  # trump2016
the brand new blue monster just opened at trump national doral  miami also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight go see !
be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally that's good business
xxjustme  i still can't believe donald trump responded to my tweet respect  # trump2016 he would be the best pres for this country thx
 @ skyblue2050    realdonaldtrump the apprentice is a great show ! never tired watching it !  thank you
 @ circleofdocs   @ realdonaldtrump  @ trumpchicago we love the trump chicago great place to live and visit  thank you
 @ brad4634  a beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining ! thanks for making chicago more beautiful than ever ! thank you
 @ tinaclean    @ realdonaldtrump when is your vancouver bc hotel going to be finished ? 18 months
 @ kenttucker   planning a golf trip to scotland aug 2015  should we plan on playing trump int'l ? ?  yes it is the best
the trump organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace many new announcements to come soon
one of the world's tallest buildings  @ trumpchicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options 
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice my birthday is june 14th
“offshore wind is a dead duck in scotland and it’s time alex salmond manned up stopped blaming westminster cont 
 @ battleface2face realdonaldtrump you got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy  # trump2016
 @ prezbridgette realdonaldtrump thank you for inspiring this world no thank you !
 @ lindseyderek :  out of all the famous people on twitter the only one i see tweet regular people is  @ realdonaldtrump !  # greatguy
 @ sloat24 realdonaldtrump i can vote now and i expect to be voting for  # trump2016  thank you !
 @ debragarrett realdonaldtrump happy birthday to one of my most admired men like a fine wine mr trump ? ? have a great birthday ! thanks !
 @ patketley :  birthdays are special and a retweet from  @ realdonaldtrump would make it even more special  happy birthday !
 @ pietiev realdonaldtrump happy new year mr trump who was your role model before you became successful ?  my father fred trump
 @ rhino848484 realdonaldtrump where would nbc be without the apprentice ? you make the tv network mr trump
 @ 184life :  not only a great show but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported ! great work being done  thanks !
 @ willykingston :  this country's economy would be back on track if  @ realdonaldtrump became the next president  so true thanks !
 @ sundance0272 :   congratulations mr trump we have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season so entertaining !  thanks !
 @ jeffredman5 realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is truly a great show great cast every season !
 @ tormike realdonaldtrump best reality show on tv love the challenges
 @ katdhairstudio realdonaldtrump i can't wait for this year i never miss apprentice ! show and cast will be amazing !
 @ theshingleguy :  my family and i stayed at  @ trumpchicago last weekend it was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside !  great !
 @ paulawhite  one of the alltime greats  a true spiritual leader and wonderful person keep up the good fight !
we had a great year  @ macys with ties shirts and suits thanks !  new selections just arrived  they are amazing !
 @ jurciuoli19 realdonaldtrump with this cast u will have the  # 1 show on tv ! fans are excited ! can you confirm ? justinthankswill be great
 @ nickthompsonpga :  thank you  @ realdonaldtrump for letting me play at  @ trumpinternational the best golf course ever ! we are proud of you !
congratulations to  @ bretbaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor  @ specialreport brett is great !
 @ duffman263      just realised  @ realdonaldtrump was in home alone 2 ! looking dapper as always thank you
 @ randdhenninger    great quote      i'm in the turf business nj and phil your sups and courses are top notch !  thank you
 @ bobbursey realdonaldtrump if you run for president you'll get my vote along with every one i know thanks so nice !
 @ secaucus00 realdonaldtrump respect your tweets i listen and share with my kids thanks bob
welcome to the new obamacare reality – doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery 
 @ trumpgolfla is the top public course in the country with magnificent pacific ocean views  
 @ fundanything has great campaigns support one today 
 @ hunterbalthazor realdonaldtrump if you ran for president you got my vote fix the country !  thanks
 @ shadetreegambla realdonaldtrump irony is imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots !
 @ noahshappy realdonaldtrump very true comment donald i'm glad we have people like you in this day and age
“tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365page book write a good one” —  @ bradpaisley
“the more predictable the business the more valuable it is predictability also means consistency of brand experience”  midas touch
temperature at record lows in many parts of the country 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area global warming folks iced in !
we should be focused on clean and beautiful airnot expensive and business closing global warminga total hoax !
the rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the global warming scientists has turned backthe ice is  massive a record ironic !
 @ humorinstitute :  i could sleep tonight if you told me we will see  @ therealroseanne on celebrity apprentice before i dieshe would be great
will be working with contractors at trump national doral in miami today
 # tbt with barbara walters on my helicopter going somewhere 
merry christmas have an amazing day !
 @ kpelkey7 realdonaldtrump i'm not a friend nor an enemy just an admirer ! merry christmas to you !  you also thanks !
“push yourself again and again don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds”  larry bird
i could fix existing tappan zee bridge for peanuts unfortunately gov cuomo will end up spending more than $10b on this project $25 tolls ?
entrepreneurs :  put everything you've got into what you're doing be totally focusednothing should be haphazard
 @ sneal50      the best thing you win by winning usa /universe is the opportunity to learn from  @ realdonaldtrump   thank you
entrepreneurs :  be ready for problemsyou'll have them every day keep open to new ideasthat's where innovation begins
 # 2  keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
 @ ludlowmatthew :  first time in  @ trumptowerny and in nyc and was one place i'm glad i didn't miss ! beautiful building and a must see place !
 # hasjustinelandedyet justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy ? not nice or fair ! i will support  @ aidforafrica justine is fired !
 @ herschelwalker  great interview with tim mccarver ! have a fantastic christmas and new year
the herschel walker interview on the tim mccarver show was  fantasticmuch can be learned from watching congrats to herschel and tim !
 @ savingnancy realdonaldtrump we raised $60k in two months for nancy and today she officially beat leukemia  ! way to go nancy !
 @ oneandonlyriz realdonaldtrump  @ alexsalmond way to go alex for releasing terrorists how do you sleep at night ? to the sound of death !
it was 25 years ago today that pan am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people  @ alexsalmond released the terrorist !
 @ sirjamesm :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump i admire your determination so much my best wishes to you and your family thank you
 @ masonchampion :  i think i'm about to purchase art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump great !
 @ cyberpunksamuri :  the best christmas present i could ever ask for is having  @ realdonaldtrump retweet me once  merry christmas !
 @ imsocelebrity :  it just seems like a tweet from  @ realdonaldtrump will inspire the person to achieve great things that's just my beliefwow
 @ ismokepotter realdonaldtrump is a genius when's it comes to business  thank you !
 @ tschumann8 :  i hate everything that  @ realdonaldtrump says/does for the most part but he's a great businessman so i respect that  ok !
 @ phyneguy2013 :  i have always been a strong follower of your teachings i don't know why u have started being so negative  i haven't !
 @ jcourtney95 :  can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of  @ realdonaldtrump the man is a legend  thank you so nice !
fernando thank you for the great review of the blue monster in south florida golfespecially top 10 in the world i love  @ soflagolf !
 @ agschneiderman why is douglas durst allowed to use the freedom tower to get out of a lease with conde nast ?
 @ richardmeier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed
lightweight  @ agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at !
“every strike brings me closer to the next home run”  babe ruth
what's with this rap stuff with me and ebenezer scrooge ? 
“build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points”  knute rockne
a really nice article about the blue monster from “the street”      
pres obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ hawaii putting secret service away from families on christmas aloha !
 # tbt taking piano lessons from my friend elton john 
 @ moonorion :  you very honorably tried to help  # freepastorsaeed when obama abandoned another christian stand up against  # aetv w us now !
 @ jurciuoli19 realdonaldtrump 2014 is a big year for apprentice too ! 10 years ago this january it started ! so true amazing !
 @ sthrnways :  if more people thought like  @ realdonaldtrump the world would be a better place  # trumpforpresident2016  thanks !
 @ lowery01 :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump where can i buy your shirts and ties in the uk please ?  ? ?  go to macy's online
 @ jackwhiteman realdonaldtrump all i want for christmas is more of your ties great quality !  thanks !
 @ thechrisrooney realdonaldtrump my bro lives at your charlotte property and said the club is fantastic ! great thanks !
 @ joshhlbrk realdonaldtrump if you keep tweeting macy's advertisements i will unfollow you  no you won't you're stuck
i like rob astorino he's a friend and really good guy sadly he has zero chance of beating cuomo and the 2 to 1 dems for governor !
 @ mariadomenique9 realdonaldtrump my brother wears your ties to work everyday he loves them he's also a huge fan of yours ! say hello !
 @ paulmilton28 :  ? ? mr trump i bought one of your ties when i was in manhattan   who is carrying your line here in toronto ? macy's online
go to macy's today and buy trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a christmas or holiday presentgreat style great price ! only the best
i just left the trump tower atriumit is packed with great people  # 1 tourist attraction in nyc fun trumptower
alternatives are important but first repubs must repeal obamacare it's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare
 @ regis  regis you are the greatest !
 @ ninjadomoesq realdonaldtrump should have at least been nominated for an oscar in home alone 2  i agree !
 @ twinmama85 :  i love the faux confidence gives people on twitteryour haters would never say these things to your facenot haterslosers !
benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists 
obamacare story of the day :  “florida cancer patient loses insurance during treatment b/c of obamacare” 
“big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones”  theodore roosevelt
when  @ crowleycnn defended obama on benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie 
no better place to celebrate new year’s eve than  @ trumpsoho the most elite hotel in downtown nyc 
prime minister  @ davidcameron is very foolish in giving  @ alexsalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland
wow a really great review of my golf club in scotland  @ trumpscotland in todaysgolfercouk thank you ! 
“get to the essence immediately learn to economize people appreciate brevity in today’s world” – think like a champion
 @ brentporter34 :    # firefightersfordonald you make what i do worth while i'm holding faith you will run for any office thanks brent !
 @ patrickmendeznv :  we had a great exchange on twitter re :  you being snubbed for  @ time person of the year @ realdonaldtrump timeno guts !
 @ illestbeats realdonaldtrump i think you would be our best president since reagan
59 of the united states by area is now covered in snowhighest  in many years the global warming name isn't working anymoresorry !
wow it's snowing in isreal and on the pyramids in egypt are we still wasting billions on the global warming con ? make us competitive !
 @ joshinak billyhallowell i just bought one of his shirts for my wife's christmas party great quality got lots of compliments !  great !
the united states is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many statespendulum has swung to cool
 @ vanityfair  i love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why i like watching the dismal circulation numbers of vanity fairit's dead
“is business success a natural talent ? i think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck” – think like a champion
the evidence continues to mount against lightweight  @ agschneiderman  it is time for jcope and moreland commissions to act
now sebelius is “'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid” 
the illconceived windfarm that  @ alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose $50 million a year only a fool would build it or want it !
if graydon carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fairhis bad food restaurants die
bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen got delayed by at least two years @ alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay !
how amazing the state health director who verified copies of obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today all others lived
exciting  news —after massive construction the blue monster at trump national doral is open for business today 
a $15b website that can only handle 50k users at a time is sad but no surprise !
our prayers are with rev  @ billygraham for a speedy recovery his faith continues to inspire us all
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9  pm  on cnn tune in !
the atrium of  @ trumptowerny dressed up for christmas 
 @ mariannehund   thank you for helping free saeed abedini i pray god blesses you and that a christmas miracle is in the works ! thx
president obama's approval rating at 38 is at an alltime low gee i wonder why ?
 @ lbabcock2 :  we've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins next year it all changes
 @ trumpdoral  the blue monster at trump national doral opens for play on saturday morning after a massive rebuilding  brand new course !
 @ kasekcraig :  can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance can't afford this
 @ borlandjim     after staying at the trump international hotel and tower in nyc everything else seems subpar  thank you
 @ johnkerry claims he has never stopped working” f/pastor abedini’s release through “back channels  where are the results ?
 @ brucesteve52    @ realdonaldtrump  @ naghmehabedini thank you for caring for this family and their need god bless you !  thank you
 @ markhalperin’s and john heilemann’s  book double down is an excellent read on the just passed election great book congrats !  @ jheil
come on mlb do the right thing ! let  @ peterose14 into the hall  no drugs—just hard work and talent !
great meeting with  @ naghmehabedini the wonderful wife of christian pastor saeed who is in iranian prison  # savesaeed 
naghmeh abedini the lovely wife of the christian pastor saeed being held in an iranian jail just left my office  # savesaeed
major league baseball :  the best thing you can do is let  @ peterose14your all time hits leaderinto the hall of fame it's time !
 @ koos32     @ realdonaldtrump donald you also belong in the same category as a great leader the us needs you ! thanks
if graydon carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fairhis bad food restaurants die
the illconceived windfarm that  @ alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose $50 million a year only a fool would build it or want it !
bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years @ alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay !
 @ dennyhuntington    @ foxandfriends i look forward to you on mondays ! always insightful conversations thanks
wh claims it lied about pres obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book” i guess bill ayers never knew about it !
where’s the leadership ? obama only met with sebelius once since obamacare passed  
“courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace” – nelson mandela
 @ discretepi4you    @ foxandfriends i look forward to your segment every week clear concise and common sense ! thanks
 @ foolishvessel     was so awesome u hosted  @ naghmehabedini this week ! please give it ur utmost to  # freesaeed ! i will !
 @ conkjr :    did you tour  @ trumpgolfla one of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in martin howard thank you !
 @ vanityfair   wow i just looked at the circulation numbers  vanity fair magazine won't be around much longer it's really in bad shape !
 @ loispope1   word is that the dinner tonight at maralago hosted by the incomparable lois pope was fabulous big money raised for charity
my father fred trump left me a relatively small amount of money compared to where i am todayover $10 billion but vast amount of knowledge
 @ beandp749 :  « i like thinking big if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big »donald trump
 @ sportsproverbs :  winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves – donald trump
don't underestimate yourselfor your possibilities there are always opportunities
“after every setback start thinking big as soon as possible”  think big
“you can't put a limit on anything the more you dream the farther you get”   @ michaelphelps
it's friday how much money has been wasted on defunct obamacare website today ?
 @ billbratton was a great choice for nyc police commissioner he will make us proud and safe !
 @ hhshkmohd :  to all people in the uae :  your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at dubai  # expo2020 congratulations a fantastic win !
 @ bonz21     @ realdonaldtrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it ! keep blasting away !thx
ice storm rolls from texas to tennessee  i'm in los angeles and it's freezing global warming is a total and very expensive hoax !
 @ happypaultk    @ realdonaldtrump look what heavy winds did to one of our scottish wind turbines 
wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country must be global warming i mean climate change !
our billion dollar website 
a special message for martin bashir 
sleazebag  @ bashirlive has just been forced to resign from  @ msnbc his pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job   @ sarahpalinusa
to become a champion fight one more round  james j corbett long ago heavyweight champion
“the road to easy street goes through the sewer” – john madden
new reality yuan just passed the euro as 2nd most traded finance currency 
 @ codyaa722 yes it will happen
i just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked new york state attorney general eric schneidermanhe should resign from office !
“build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results that’s building the right way” – think like a champion
congratulations to the white house for every 1 obamacare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices very unfair !
dying  @ gqmagazine just named me to a list too bad gq is no longer relevant—won’t be around long !
a fine man dr paul f crouch has just passed away all christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work  @ tbn
 @ amyrusso108 :  thank god there is still someone in america that won't roll over for obama and his ridiculousness ! sue the pants off ny ag !
 @ 10ajmccarron  aj is a great quarterback who is finally being recognized as such  a total winner what a pass !
 @ pbaratelli realdonaldtrump also mention charity payment when pga tour comes there for the event  true !
 @ suejaneroberts realdonaldtrump any thing u work on is awesome  thanks
just left $259 million rebuilding of doral in miami amazing  trump national doral will be a masterpiece if i do say so myself !
 @ paulmilton28 realdonaldtrump  @ macys love the ties ! great selection of colours  they are a big hit thanks
 @ rcoldwellbanker realdonaldtrump  @ macys great ties ! wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in scottsdale az !
i hope you buy my shirts and ties at  @ macys
first minister salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in scotlandhe would become popular again alexsalmond
 @ dhowejr7 realdonaldtrump  @ graeme123s just wanted to say thankyou your a great man  thank you !
 @ graeme123s realdonaldtrump you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives  thank you so nice !
my ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautifulthe bestavailable at macy's !
i am in miami at trump national doral just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites blue monster completeopens dec 14
 @ rspbscotland :  thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden  # eagle scotland's national bird ! being killed by wind turbines
happy thanksgiving everyone enjoy your day !
us froze $8b in iranian assets during ’79 hostage crisis now obama is giving it back to iran while christian pastor is jailed don't do it !
happy thanksgiving to alleven the haters and losers !
 @ thesweenbean thank you and happy thanksgiving
“learn know and show it’s a proven formula put it to use starting today” – think like a champion
 @ jeffbuehrle     @ realdonaldtrump  @ macys really like the ties have a handful and they are my favorite use them well !
how does obama rationalize giving iran $8b in sanction relief when a christian pastor is being tortured in an iranian prison ?
we enjoy hosting tourists in  @ trumptowerny they come from all over the world to see the atrium a nyc landmark 
i can't believe no one has been fired over the obamacare website fiasco !
in vegas ? enjoy thanksgiving in  @ trumplasvegas' djt lounge where the  @ nfl games will be playing all day 
why didn't obama as part of the negotiation free the christian pastor saeed abedini ?  
don't underestimate yourself or your possibilitieskeep your focus intact and focus on the positives
after settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars j pm organ's lawyer is critical of the amount of the finewhy did they settle thendumb !
tom brady has done a great job tonightamazing new england comeback good game not over yet !
 @ otcgiant realdonaldtrump with even a half decent running mate i don't see how you could lose against the democrats ineptness  # trumo2016
 @ mikehaas33 realdonaldtrump mar a lago a spectacular property here with wells fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello  i did !
such a nice article in the new york times about a wonderful developer arthur zeckendorf  
if jp morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target
for all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great charles bronsonno more crime !
emails prove wh knew obamacare website wouldn't work in october  why didn't they delay the launch ?  
i answered my  @ facebook fans questions via video watch 
host of the 2017 us women's open trump bedminster has been rated one of america's best golf courses
 @ morningmika   i'm watching joe who is 100 correct on afghanistan fondling the once great time magazineso sad to see how skimpy it is !
$1b down another $1b to go obamacare website is 40 unfinished this is beyond pathetic
if everything seems under control you're not going fast enough  mario andretti
“advertising is totally unnecessary unless you hope to make money”   jef i richards
broken promises a broken billion dollar website obamacare can’t be fixed repeal !
if everything seems under control you're not going fast enough  mario andretti
guess who is talking to  @ missuniverse at  @ trumptowerny ? not terrible hair ! 
last october on  @ meetthepress  @ chucktodd attacked  @ jackwelch and i for saying obama cooked the job number will he apologize ?
congratulations to  @ mariabartiromo on her big move to  @ foxbusiness she is a total winner !
 @ ianckeffer :  rocking a  @ realdonaldtrump brand tie today for good measure the picture does it no justice available  @ macys  looks great !
president obama played golf yesterday ? ? ?
 @ fransiscomlaza realdonaldtrump rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems ~ donald trump
 @ marloamoriello1 realdonaldtrump donald we can't allow this country to become soft like obama and penn state ! please run in 2016  # leader
 @ isaidknow :  awesome ! rt  again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare congratulations america !”  thanks !
the real j pm organ is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes a settler is a soft target
13 billion 45 billionthese are the stupid settlements that j pm organ just made why don't they fight ? no wonder they keep getting sued
 @ reaiosmelsousa   great job in helping our wonderful miss universe  there is nobody like you  congratulations !
“be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business” – think like a champion
“a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better” – midas touch
the cast has been largely selected for next year's celebrity apprentice  wait 'till you hear the namesamazing ! season 14many nights at  # 1
 @ billcollector realdonaldtrump we need yod.c.he next president ! your a winner  thank you
 @ iverson233 realdonaldtrump can i run your hotels while you run the country  ?  sounds good to me !
 @ lydiapearman realdonaldtrump  @ patrickweeks and let's be honest you have some of the finest  # realestate on the planet !   very true !
 @ gyuman82 realdonaldtrump plz run for president in 2016 america needs a strong leader !  we sure don't have leadership now ! thanks
i'll be on  @ gretawire on the record tonight to talk about the obamacare fiasco7  pm  on fox  news 
obama friend got a nobid $635m contract to build website 
 @ andrewsnicoll realdonaldtrump the same idiots who think he was born in the usa ! dopes !
 @ ojosborn realdonaldtrump i am one of them fools the presidents heart in right place  wrong he knowingly lied  bad intentions !
 @ countrygurl4747 realdonaldtrump please run in 2016 we need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back !  true !
 @ shrubshrub :  i've said it before i'll say it again the turn down service at the  @ trumptoronto is the best in the world thank you !
miss usa pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won't be in miami doral in 2014 mayor boria voted against it i want total support !
 @ eminofficial  emin your performance at miss universe was fantastic  you are a star !
 @ dextercn realdonaldtrump president trump sounds good to me  i'll tell you one thing the country would be back on top again !  thanks
 @ becca110611 realdonaldtrump is literally the appitamy of amazing ! gotta love him ? ?  thank you becca
 @ jayrobby :  i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump i so love them  you have good taste !
 @ aarranmcpherson realdonaldtrump good luck in your case against the wind turbines in aberdeen bay most sensible scots agree with you !
 @ nicky0472 realdonaldtrump the only ppl that still believe obama did not lie r completely lost  so true !
 @ soonrfan4life realdonaldtrump i'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans love what u do for our nation  # trumpforpresident thanks
 @ worldreachtech greta gotta respect donald greta if ever anyone nailed obama for who and what he really is and has done it's donald
“true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow !”  general norman schwarzkopf
 @ iamstevent gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever  @ missuniverse standing ovation !
 @ maleki realdonaldtrump  :  give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016 thank you very nice
 @ joeyb134 :  i hope  @ realdonaldtrump will invite me to golf with him  @ trumpdoral when it is all complete it looks like an awesome place
 @ trescurrie311 realdonaldtrump trump national in washington dc looks great love what you've done with it  thank you !
 @ gutterferret realdonaldtrump tell us in a vine ! your voice carries so much more impact !  # trumpvine  ok on monday !
 @ cooey2ruley realdonaldtrump since you are in russia go kick snowden in the ass
 @ brose2288 realdonaldtrump the women are unbelievable but getting to hang with steven tyler will be the highlight !  steven sings tonight
 @ timtmahar realdonaldtrump when you leave russia please bring back some leaders !  interesting !
i'm in moscow for miss universe tonight  picking a winner is very hard they are all winners total sellout of arena big night in russia !
“don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either deal with them !” – think like a champion
congratulations to the $1b obamacare website on enrolling four in delaware cost to us  $4m   
looking forward to attending the great rev  @ billygraham’s birthday party tonightthere's nobody like him !
it’s that time of the year  @ trumprink in central park is now openbest rink in the world 
 @ hitthelights14 realdonaldtrump can't wait for 2016 ! america needs you ! # trump2016  thank you what a mess our country is in
brian  @ kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called george washington's secret six that is truly worth reading   
with terrific steve wynn at dinner last night 
“if you put the federal government in charge of the sahara desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand” – milton friedman
“recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs everyone is counting on you” – midas touch
 @ emilyluvsuxoxo realdonaldtrump is the best person in the entire world  thank you emily so nice !
 @ mzulianix3 realdonaldtrump you are the coolest man i've ever met  ? ?  thank you !
 @ jvince81 bforrealstevens  govchristie  @ realdonaldtrump that tie is awesome i need that tie where can i get it ?  macy's
our nobel prize for peace president said i'm really good at killing people according to just out book double down can oslo retract prize ?
hitting at home democrat sen joe donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped 
 @ evanmyers :  i love how many negative tweets  @ realdonaldtrump gets he must look at them smile and go back to being a champion  thank you !
 @ pghceo :  if  @ realdonaldtrump was pres the us would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries profit though
 @ andersengell :  love reading t's tweets concerning obamacare people might find him controversial but mr trump sure knows his stuff !  # pro
 @ seancourt :  i feel safer knowing men like  @ realdonaldtrump are around  thank you
everyone is telling me that  @ eliotspitzer is going to run against lightweight  @ agschneidermanspitzer would win !
 @ the news diva realdonaldtrump you get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10k thank you  he deserves it thanks
 @ ellenmarie47 realdonaldtrump  @ jannunz7 i agree this country needs a business man's sense and obama does not have it  so true !
 @ jannunz7 realdonaldtrump mr trump please run in 2016 and try and save our beautiful precious county ! god bless
 @ deny62wilson realdonaldtrump can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to aberdeenshire  true
 @ bobkurlander realdonaldtrump awesome new clock at trump jupiter would look so good between range putting green  will happen
 @ juanmatava realdonaldtrump gives me a lot of strength
 @ earnitwork realdonaldtrump  @ billmaher see trump ? he takes his shots but has no balls don't listen and do us a favor and run for potus
located in tribeca each  @ trumpsoho hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower manhattan 
“successful people keep moving they make mistakes but they don't quit” – conrad hilton
 @ debstermistress     @ realdonaldtrump when he says he doesn't know he admits he is not leading usa a rudderless ship
so we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists ?
it’s thursday  @ billmaher is still a very dumb guyjust look at his past
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it”  “i was born in hawaii”
congratulations to boston on the  @ redsox world series victory earned and deserved
still looking to give away a record $1m reward on  @ fundanything for a crowd funding campaign 
gary sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out  @ garysinisefound
 @ mikebus7 realdonaldtrump great fitting shirt and i got a couple compliments on it too ! 
 @ billmaher :  with the cast from friday's real time  and now i'm in springfield mass for standup tonightand bill you totally bombedbad
“you're never a loser until you quit trying”  mike ditka
i hear  @ billmaher really bombed in springfieldpeople were leaving show way earlystupid guy !
congrats  @ nbcinvestigates on revealing that obama knew millions of americans would lose their healthcare plans 
 @ alexsalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of blackdog communities all over scotland are fighting this loser
when will  @ alexsalmond realize that he's destroying scotlandthe most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines ?
 @ megrunder realdonaldtrump is there any subject you aren’t an expert on ?  no not many !
 @ abird95 :  i absolutely love  @ realdonaldtrump he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much thanks r !
contractors can blame obama admin all day for their $600m failure but both parties are at faultpay taxpayers back
sebelius didn't test $635m probably $1b obamacare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch” 
thanks to obamacare’s device tax boston scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs 
 @ sirblainerichie billgates  @ warrenbuffett and  @ realdonaldtrump are the most inspirational people i know of
 @ kathyrushford realdonaldtrump do you beleive all that money was spent on a website  ?  no much more !
 @ adriannamarie :  i think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me ! just ordered your books ! can't wait to read them ! thanks
 @ chrisdire realdonaldtrump really enjoyed my stay at trump soho this weekend  your staff there is super polite and hospitable  great
 @ terreldactyl realdonaldtrump i hate you but i love your ties  that sounds like a fair trade !
 @ shibis sentedcruz don't you know once upon a time  @ realdonaldtrump was leading 2012  @ gop i would love to see you elected god pls
 @ dutchfreightman realdonaldtrump dined at macleod house today wonderful in every aspect thanks for creating this on our doorstep nice
 @ rizzlizz realdonaldtrump i am clairvoyant may i be the first to congratulate you on your win mr president ?  cute !
president obama should bring secretaty sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion you're fired !
 @ 10ajmccarron  great game against tennessee  by the most unappreciated by the media quarterback in college football  and no more tattoos !
 @ jamesmock4 :  i see principled disciplined decisive tough leadership i see strength i see  # trump16 please mr trump usa needs you
 @ dianelynn realdonaldtrump we need you now more than ever ! hope to see you run in 2016 !
 @ loomisevan realdonaldtrump we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense tht is u mr trump !
 @ murppph realdonaldtrump says whatever he wants and doesn't care i love it he's a legend
 @ joelbernstein realdonaldtrump  @ tylertuscchevy not only does america need an adult in dc we need djt in 2016  thank you
 @ iamtoneantone realdonaldtrump 2016 is your year and i will do everything god gave me to show my appreciation  @ iamtoneantone xoxo
 @ vallianghali :  if you're born poor it's not your mistake but if you die poor it's really your mistake  donald trump
 @ kylesmith300 realdonaldtrump i agree about the wind turbines they are horrible
first titantic sunk on its maiden voyagenext the hindenburg explodes on its first flight to americanow we suffer the obamacare rollout !
 @ godlikevirus realdonaldtrump for 2016 change that we really can depend on
 @ austinwde7 realdonaldtrump needs to run so we can get out of this mess  # trump2016
 @ nadeaua75 realdonaldtrump has my vote ! he must run for president if we want success !  thank you
 @ kmatthews912 realdonaldtrump the youth of america needs you mr trump  they sure need someone and fast !
 @ beliefheals realdonaldtrump seriously you are the only american qualified to be prez all areas of competence ! thank you
 @ thegurleygirl realdonaldtrump wish you could lead this country we need you mr trump
the audacity of ineptitude – obamacare website will cost over $1b  
“you want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level”   @ boonepickens
great meeting  @ garysinise at  @ amspec dinner besides his great acting gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation
 @ boonepickens  thank you for the t boone pickens entrepreneur award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man
bob tyrrell  @ amspec—thank youand also for the great work you do
good advice from my mother mary macleod trump :  “trust in god and be true to  yourself”
“discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success questions are thoughts with a quest” – think like a champion
i’ll soon be leaving for washington where  @ amspec will give me the t boone pickens entrepreneur award very exciting !
 @ donjuanriley1 :  getting a picture of donald trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero  :   wow so nice !
“sure the homefield is an advantage  but so is having a lot of talent”   @ danmarino
message to edward snowden you’re banned from  @ missuniverse unless you want me to take you back home to face justice !
doing an interview with  @ stevedeaceshow discussing the obamacare  web disaster be sure to listen 
 @ vanityfair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even  @ nymag look good graydon carter should’ve been fired a long time ago
 @ ukn96 they get fired
 @ charleydummer realdonaldtrump the whole uk supports you in the  # 2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice usa here
 @ jaimesells realdonaldtrump 4 president has my vote ! we need financial education in the usa go get em d !  thanks jaime !
 @ jarrodryanza realdonaldtrump are you actually going to go for  # 2016 elections ? if so you have my support !   thank you !
 @ jlpdog realdonaldtrump we need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect
 @ ayzimmy realdonaldtrump i'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016 make it happen ! thanks for the confidence !
 @ em3601 :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump please announce you are running in 2016 you are the only one who can revive our country
 @ lilskinny11 realdonaldtrump hey d trump is time for me to buy a trump 2016 yet ? lead us back to the top ! !
 @ austinfall :  in 2016 we will need a business mogul to bring america to its feet i hope  @ realdonaldtrump feels a tug on his collar
 @ austinfall :  monetarily in 2016 we will be in such terrible shape that having  @ realdonaldtrump as potus would be a great idea for us
 @ michaltellos realdonaldtrump  @ nymag subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake  it is failing fast !
 @ nymag   i hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased new york ragazinesave your money !
 @ nymag  can you imagine a top editor at new york magazine calling for my deathif they were responsible he would be fired ! totally biased
 @ beliefheals realdonaldtrump working on my midas touch plan re :  the fund anything reward ! you are my favorite entrepreneur ! thanks
 @ anthonyjmyers realdonaldtrump america needs you now more than ever 2016 cannot get here fast enough  # trump2016 well we sure need help
 @ timallensblues  @ afrodeziak  @ danamira  @ nymag guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong
 @ thomasaroberts   thomas you will be a fantastic host of the miss universe pageant live from moscow on nov 9 great doing your show today !
 @ orthatguy realdonaldtrump  @ danamira i can't wait to never read another copy of  @ nymag i will enjoy watching it crash and burn though
 @ afrodeziak danamira  @ realdonaldtrump  @ nymag no place for that in a civil society you should resign immediately  they should demand it
 @ silvermarie2001 realdonaldtrump whats wrong with canadians ?  nothing except they are too smart for us leaders to deal with !
i hope everyone that read  @ danamira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to  @ nymag in protest let me know
 @ lggarmon :  i wish the  @ realdonaldtrump would be president our country would be much better off than what it is  # whatamericaneeds  # trump16
no wonder  @ nymag is doing so poorly with an idiot sr editor like  @ danamira it will only get worse !
i love watching the dishonest writers  @ nymag suffer the magazine’s failure
our country is being run by total amateurs let’s just call it “amateur hour”
obamacare website fiasco was a single bid to a canadian company  terrible !
the contract to build the obamacare website was given to a canadian company for $55 744 081 it then bloated to $292 071067 incompetence
 @ dongibson12 magicdel  @ lateshow mr trump you have great kidslet them handle ur business step forward and save what's left of the usa
 @ ryalsflair realdonaldtrump our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again so true !
 @ chrissstinac realdonaldtrump i've been watching the apprentice since i was 10 and thats really all i get excited for in the winter  # love
 @ mitchgotinfo realdonaldtrump don the country needs you i served 4 years in our armed forces and i am asking you to lead our nation
 @ biancat37180567 realdonaldtrump why be governor when you can be president ?
 @ mitchgotinfo realdonaldtrump great men do great things america needs you america's allies need you in truth the world needs you wow
 @ sportcork realdonaldtrump you were great on letterman as usual  thank you !
 @ rocknrollrk realdonaldtrump great appearance on letterman such a great insight wish we had more great businessmen like you
 @ russellwestofa :   i'm a democrat have not been your biggest fan but you made some very good points on the  # davidletterman show tonight
 @ eyesinburgh :  you've really got the world by the ass don't you ? says letterman to  @ realdonaldtrump classic
apple must make the iphone screen bigger losing major market share
obama administration is killing american industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking terrible for economy
entrepreneurship is engine of american success i bring it to crowdfunding w/  @ fundanything's $1m record reward 
 @ piersmorgan       thanks  @ realdonaldtrump for coming to my book party  wouldn't have been the same without you !  pierscongrats !
 @ johnhahn realdonaldtrump ferry point looks awesome ! it should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon
 @ sandersandrew realdonaldtrump donald you are a true american hero i can't wait to celebrate trump day in the future wow nice
 @ vraia realdonaldtrump does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back ?  not many !
 @ bahia6085 so nice thank you
trump golf links at ferry point will host many major championships over the years great thing for nyc—congratulations to all !
 @ stephaniewei realdonaldtrump my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the  @ wsj today 
 @ blueyez1214 realdonaldtrump please dont as i do love ny like you doyour not a governoryour a president  cute !
 @ ceastwood12 realdonaldtrump now this should give bethpage a run for the money in ny will blow bethpage away !
will be cutting ribbon at     10 am with mayor bloomberg and jack nicklaus for the opening of trump links at ferry point
 @ jurciuoli19 realdonaldtrump i miss celeb apprenticebest show on tv  thank you casting now for next season
republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves many senior senators are doing obama’s bidding can’t win this way
my beautiful daughter ivanka just had a healthy baby boy jared and ivanka are very proud !
 @ roccayard   so nice thank you
as an addition apple must go to a larger screen nowasap ! they're losing their standing in the market !
 @ joedmti realdonaldtrump u crack me up i love how a man of ur wealth fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up part of success !
 @ 01101o10 :  only an idiot loses money in realestate  @ realdonaldtrump does that all the time  i've made over ten billion $'s you idiot !
 @ jlow6603 :  best part about monday mornings is listening to  @ realdonaldtrump on fox and friends ! you should run for potus ! thank you !
 @ michell33841372 realdonaldtrump  @  pm prindiville donald trump has done more for this country than barrack has ever thought about thanks !
 @ wrhitchcock thank you and true !
many countries including allies already see china as world superpower 
 @ jacobmathews  @ piersmorganlive piers is a good man even if we disagree with him
i wouldn’t use  @ richardmeier to design a doghouse let alone a house or building !
lightweight  @ agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at !
jack welch thinks sam palmisano retired ceo of ibm should be the next ceo of microsoft interesting !
 @ demegl10 realdonaldtrump everyone should start their twitter day with trump for presidentlets start the movement  wow !
 @ wykkdlilchit realdonaldtrump  @ piersmorgan we need more than 10 min with donald was inspired get gov't in assembly and make them watch
 @ swooshl31 realdonaldtrump trump for president  !  well our country would become very rich very fastand then lot's of good !
 @ matsly realdonaldtrump great job what we need in the next election  # 2016
 @ erikaunapuu realdonaldtrump i was in your hotel in chicago today one of the most amazing buildings i've ever seen ! thank you
 @ erikaunapuu realdonaldtrump i was in your hotel in chicago today one of the most amazing buildings i've ever seen ! thanks
 @ echenault07 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track
 @ kameronwhitley realdonaldtrump watching your cnn interview we need someone like you to run for president !  thank you
 @ trainspartanfit   your family and dad are greatyour mother must have been amazing !
 @ wykkdlilchit realdonaldtrump the truth that needed to be heard voice of common sense ! you're hired ! !
 @ piersmorgan i urge every politician in washington to tune into cnn and listen to  @ realdonaldtrump 's advice on how to do a deal
 @ piersmorgan   watch cnn tonight as piers and i discuss obama shutdown leadership and many other topics of interest  9  pm   10 minutes !
i will be on  @ piersmorganlive tonight at 9 pm  
i’ll be doing  @ piersmorgan show tonight on cnn at 9  pm   will be very  interesting i hope !
if you don’t treat yourself like royalty no one else will  @ trumpwaikiki is honolulu's most luxurious hotel 
obama has called  @ gop terrorists during this showdown it’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all  @ gop demands
obama can open the mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade wwii memorial that’s an absolute disgrace
“golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect cont 
 @ corywise    @ realdonaldtrump thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes ! thank you
 @ lennydrew   @ realdonaldtrump i really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books it starts the day off right !  thx
“my advice to you regarding momentum is definitive :  get yours going !” – think like a champion
“don’t emphasize the problem so muchemphasize the solution it’s a mindset that works” – think like a champion
if the us government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel i willthe us under obama's leadership !
 @ motleyhoney realdonaldtrump i say go for it solid business leadership for a change congrats on the new develo pm ent in vancouverthanks
 @ nhoiegee realdonaldtrump am i gonna see u in russia this november ? ? are u goin to attend the event ?  miss universe on nov 9th yes !
had a great time on  @ gretawire’s inaugural 7 pm  show congrats to greta  on the new spot !
 @ mimilareina fogslifting  @ realdonaldtrump  @ redskins that will never fly ! they'd have to do the same for the chiefs braves indians ect
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges”  isaac newton
83 of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41 of nondefense federal workers are furloughed room for cuts
standing strong for his people  @ govwalker is ignoring the feds and keeping all wisconsin parks open great !
 @ thegine3000 realdonaldtrump we need someone with some business sense in the white house this administration doesn't have a clue
 @ genemcvay realdonaldtrump the donald says the republicans absolutely can win if they will stand firm  @ speakerboehner
 @ wrnsr realdonaldtrump negotiations are nonexistant obama needs to be sent a copy of the art of the deal maybe autographed
 @ jacadere foxandfriends  @ realdonaldtrump mrtrump is right again the republicans need to stick together and let the dems be blamed
 @ bprunty67 realdonaldtrump the only ruler that does not negotiate is a dictator !
 @ ryanmcvicker :  went to  @ realdonaldtrump winery in charlottesville va yesterday for my birthday it was awesome ! one of the best !  thanks !
when will lightweight hack attorney general be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct ?
must read editorial today about lightweight new york state attorney general eric schneiderman is he a crook ? 
congrats to  @ nbc on the success of the new smash show  @ nbcblacklist fantastic suspense great acting must see tv !
congrats to people of scotland on the judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills
“going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision” – think big
 @ honeybadger210 realdonaldtrump remember when obama said bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic ? 
great ruling on wind farm in scotland—very smart judge ! front page article 
 @ thetinabeast’s continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs 
many redstate democrats sticking with obama on deficit spending on the obamacare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014
the most elite private club in the world maralago is palm beach’s legendary landmark 
 @ timwristen they must go to a larger screen
 @ mcleangolf tell your son congratsgreat round on really tough course
 @ preferrex realdonaldtrump please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in nj  get better fast
 @ dougefresh2 :  forget the country  @ realdonaldtrump could run the world better than anyone anywhere thanks doug !
 @ delveezus realdonaldtrump is a genius when it comes to politics you cant deny  # thedonald  thank you
 @ ericxmorrison :  honestly  @ realdonaldtrump could run this country better than anyone in dc  i agree !
 @ winpropp realdonaldtrump to save us and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like yod.c.resident thank you !
arod’s appeal will go nowhere he will get a long suspension good for the  @ yankees and sends strong message to  @ mlb players
democrats refused to vote down their obamacare subsidy while americans will be hit w/ rising premiums washington won’t feel any pain
 @ israeli pm   @ netanyahu’s un address was a strong statement to the world that  @ israel will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons
sorry banks when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banks—but years too late !
 # 2 be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under reagan and bush with democrat congresses who wanted more spending
remember when obama promised “you can keep your health care plan ?” not in these 10 states 
it was an honor to be  @ gretchencarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘the real story’ gretchen will be a big success !
 @ kennyj7d7    @ realdonaldtrump run for office you are the only one that can fix this big mess perhaps true !
 @ jj10471     @ realdonaldtrump if you were in office this would of never happen  # trump2016  true !
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
 @ mylifeislibby realdonaldtrump you seem like the only one who can fix this mess ! run for office !
 @ bigjohnryan75 realdonaldtrump we need  @ realdonaldtrump and bill o'reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out !  @ fox news 
 @ zachjohnson88 realdonaldtrump please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government  # 2016 will be working on it
 @ kingsthings  @ trumpnewyork thanks larryand you too are truly one of a kind !
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump if you have a problemthink to yourselfwhat would donald trump do ? the answer will come  thanks
obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated thousands of pages and most importantly doesn't work we can do much better !
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump don't think i can watch  news  anymore o is doing such a good job of turning us into joke i can't look anymore
 @ rosschisholm10 realdonaldtrump dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at trump international links can i get a rt for him please
 @ adammatruski realdonaldtrump stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency good point !
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump if the people want to get our economy back on track they’ll vote  # trump in 2016thank you
 @ bordenrhodes realdonaldtrump can close the economic racial and political divisions in america that is true !
 @ followdtrick banginbella i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office @ realdonaldtrump for president ! 2016
don’t believe the manipulated job numbers walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory
spanish version of obamacare website  delayed 
on monday obamacare kicks in with all goodies of 300 increased premiums higher taxes and parttime replacement employees
 @ normancom1 realdonaldtrump after following your career for over 20 yrs i conclude you are the real thing run for public officeplease
 @ thelarkinater realdonaldtrump i play hockey at lasker ! thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world !
 @ beliefheals realdonaldtrump awesome example ! thank you for being a great american thanks
 @ anastasiarubine realdonaldtrump i love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast good job ! thank you
 @ felixnunez249 realdonaldtrump congrats ! the bronx will never be the same again it will be better ! so true !  thanks
freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction ronald reagan  # makedclisten  # defundobamacare
both obama administration and house leadership staffs are exempt from obamacare why not the american people ?  # makedclisten
“partner with people who share your values attitude and drive” – midas touch with  @ therealkiyosaki
obamacare will increase individual market premiums by 99 for men and 62 for women 
 @ greekboy21 realdonaldtrump if we don't defund  # obamacare the usa will never have the freedom we will be controlled by our government
 @ mirandadiplo realdonaldtrump is our next president accept it
 @ neneleakes   nene asks me for advice and i am happy to oblige tonight at 900 on bravo and watch her ratings go through the roof !
“if winning isn't everything why do they keep score ?”  vince lombardi
obama promised premiums would lower $2500/yr for family of 4 in truth healthcare will increase by $7450 
 @ mileycyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right nowthe right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion ! guidance
 @ mirandadiplo  i like hilary clinton she is very admirable but  @ realdonaldtrump is our nation's answer thanks
 @ warrenbuffett insists that without changes to obamacare average citizens will suffer” 
congratulations to  @ ivankatrump on being named  @ fox news sunday power player of the week ivanka is doing a great job w/ dc post office
the emmys are sooooo boring !  terrible show i'm going to watch football ! i already know the winners good night
 @ 30carguy realdonaldtrump could you do a better job ? ?  yes !
 @ yadiratriunfo realdonaldtrump is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members thanks !
big things going on today at trump nationalwestchester !
 @ 2lukevbeck2 realdonaldtrump americas hope our country needs hope  it is in really bad shape !
 @ delavegaprophet realdonaldtrump always great working with you you are a true modern master thank you
 @ nymike7 kaatje36 let me ask if you dislike  @ realdonaldtrump then why do you read his tweets ? because they can't live without mehaters !
 @ eckbowman realdonaldtrump donald the course you have given us in scotland is world class ! thank you !
 @ 67chester realdonaldtrump care to say a few words to  @ irangovt  ?  get rid of the nukes and fast !
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump  @ klyushinaeng are you going to straighten out the russia syria problem ? hope so  can be done !
 @ cherylpotgieter realdonaldtrump just watched your roast here in sa and u were brilliant thank you !
 @ joshjame :  best twitter follow i ever made :  the donald random 24/7 mt  @ realdonaldtrump :  i believe that  @ mileycyrus is a really good person
 @ seankanderson realdonaldtrump my latemother and i watch the apprentice since s1 i was 10yothe foundation for my love of business
congratulations to  @ speakerboehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding obamacare
 @ realjohnanthon realdonaldtrump why do you hate africa so much ?  i don'ttremendous potential !
 @ johnmorrow821 realdonaldtrump you should have been president the us would have a surplus of cash !  true !
 @ icemanimmg realdonaldtrump is the best in business   # nodaysoff  right up there !
 @ ovobeckford2 :  rt realdonaldtrump  hahahahahahaha smart guy i think he did same to me trump is loved in nigeria via the apprentice
 @ klyushinaeng realdonaldtrump when do you plan to come to moscow ? at the beginning of november ? looking forward for your coming nov 9
 @ maxiculture realdonaldtrump your thoughts are simple straight precise timely and timeless  thank you !
 @ fathersiisi realdonaldtrump 's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about !
 @ spencer67 realdonaldtrump for once i completely agree with you ! business wise you're brilliant i just don't support your politics ! ok
 @ hop pm ar realdonaldtrump i saw his brother in kenya interviewed he may be wiser actually  i'm so surprised his brother lives in kenya
 @ mileycyrus – don’t worry about liam you can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong !
 @ geomac24   amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense
 @ anthonydefrenza realdonaldtrump apple is hard of hearing  so true !
 @ samshahrooz realdonaldtrump why dont you run for president ? i think you would win and be a great president !  # trumpforpresident thanks !
lightweight schneiderman's suit was filed on a saturday unheard of against a school with a 98 approval rating right after obama meeting
lightweight ag eric schneiderman meets with president obama who he told me sucks as a president and quickly files a suit against me !
i cannot believe that apple didn't come out with a larger screen iphone samsung is stealing their business steve jobs is spinning in grave
 @ philgrech your not free you'll never be free you'll be back if you ever left because you can't help yourself !
 @ 3ddudra realdonaldtrump do you know when the trump tower in vancouver is suppossed to open ? 18 months
 @ jeffpetak realdonaldtrump when is the blue monster going to be open for play ? november 15
 @ leighannmac   send his info to my office
 @ 10ajmccarron   great game last week your team really needed you !
 @ markyamin realdonaldtrump right ! and who files a lawsuit on a saturday anyway ? good call dt he thought you would settle because of pr
 @ swingtrader2012 realdonaldtrump i think trump chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world  thank you
 @ margaritapotter realdonaldtrump you got it donald that resort will be the best !
 @ apb51283 :  america needs a strong leader with an innovative mind  @ realdonaldtrump you are that leader and nobody else is even close t
lightweight ag eric schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected ag in the us he is a total joke !
why is lightweight ag eric schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations ?
just returned from trump doral in miami massive construction job when completed will be the best resort in us blue monster is amazing !
“becoming an entrepreneur is a personaldevelo pm ent program if you grow personally your business will grow” – midas touch
there are great campaigns on  @ fundanything 
 @ captainblob realdonaldtrump i just bought a trump mattress and it is presidential  made by serta they are really great
 @ realbboy360 realdonaldtrump boeing is at a record high thanks for saying to buy a while back you are welcome
 @ dropz11 realdonaldtrump  @ chloeeliise unfortunately the good men like trump only run for president once a century  thank you
 @ seanhannity   thanks sean keep up the good work !
 @ kaburuole realdonaldtrump like einstein was the greatest scientist i submit you are the greatest entreprenuer of our time thank you
 @ chloeeliise :  i really hope  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president in 2016  thanks so do many people our country is going to hell !
the costa concordia shipwreck is a monument to stupidity but the uprighting of the ship is a monument to genius !
 @ hunterboss1996 realdonaldtrump trump really knows what he's talking about everyone is just too jealous to listen lol thank you !
 @ dhalley realdonaldtrump sounds like a fantastic project keep us posted on the progress take care  thank you
 @ deasworld realdonaldtrump stunning ! wishing you a great success in mumbai  thank you
 @ brownteeth realdonaldtrump since all of your predictions have been spot on !  true !
i am proud to announce our newest project trump tower mumbai together with the lodha group it will be incredible ! 
michigan has made great progress under snydercalley  @ migop is out early energizing the grassroots keep it up !  # joinmiteam
congratulations to  @ ehasselbeck on her successful first day as cohost of  @ foxandfriends ! great to be in studio today for elisabeth
i can’t believe my friend derek jeter is out for whole seasoninjured day he left trump world tower lucky bldg move back fast !
 @ projectmayhemm realdonaldtrump will be our next president mark my words  thanks for your nice words and thoughts !
 @ projectmayhemm :  i want to go to  @ wharton just like  @ realdonaldtrump he is a hero of mine such a brilliant man  wharton is great !
 @ mbrown1047 realdonaldtrump  52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career good idea in our current economy or not ? great idea
 @ aroy0317 :  i am proud to say as a first time voter i already know that i will vote for  @ realdonaldtrump in 2016  # youthvote  # change  # proud
 @ smile4riley realdonaldtrump just one tweet from the donald could change lil riley of njs life post heart/lung transplant  ?
 @ 1jeffhensley realdonaldtrump  @ duanemcanally donald we need you in 2016 youre the only one who can turn us around now ! trump 2016 true
 @ catherine1840 realdonaldtrump can't wait for the new season of apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation !  thanks !
 @ teerellzz :  i may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman  @ realdonaldtrump  very true !
 @ duanemcanally realdonaldtrump really stuck your neck on the line there great shout thank you
 @ floydmayweather  great fight floyd  you showed them all once again !
 @ floydmayweather  my prediction of floyd is looking good !
 @ mikeoconnell10 realdonaldtrump i played your course in the nj mid am this week it couldn't have been better perfect ?  thanks mike
 @ jeremyrlack realdonaldtrump what would your first act in office be ?  to end obamacare
 @ curehdsaorg realdonaldtrump thank you for caring about huntingtons disease ! you are amazing ! so many blessings your way ! thank you !
 @ exlwaters realdonaldtrump  @ rizzlizz not all four seasons hotels are good every trump is always perfect  so true thanks !
 @ rizzlizz realdonaldtrump thank you for caring so much about the usa !
 @ allenwronowski trumpgolfdc did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for  # 2013juniorpga food and room were fantastic  thanksallen !
 @ mastersasser realdonaldtrump when are we going to have a pga tour event  @ trumpgolfdc  ? best course i've ever played very soon !
 @ pgaalltheway realdonaldtrump played with one of the assistant pro's from doral said the new design is amazing can't wait !
 @ peaceout4hire realdonaldtrump nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge  # peaceout  that is so true !
 @ caitconn :  on a serious note  @ realdonaldtrump's tweets are genius one of the smartest people !  ?  thank you very nice !
 @ tkdhardy realdonaldtrump how about jim furyk and his 59 today greatness  jim furyk is a great golfer and a great guy !
obama is now warning north korea on the yongbyon nuclear reactor 
 @ reinaplaza realdonaldtrump don't call me a witch or mediumbut i know you will be the next usa president and you will get peace !  wow !
 @ imsjustjustin :   trump2016 ! you can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips please sir make the announcement !  # patriotic
 @ ajbaylor realdonaldtrump has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country thank you i agree !
 @ thegrumpyhusky realdonaldtrump he's too late on fixing america that'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 sir
wow with all this talk  @ missuniverse is going to russia on november 9th 
“trust your instincts especially if they are well honed” – midas touch
 @ yankees manager joe girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players doing a great job !
no games ! house  @ gop must defund obamacare ! if they don’t then they own it !
tina brown could finally be over   @ thedailybeast is a total failure she just got fired great !
 @ drake4444444 realdonaldtrump wish more people with large followings would speak up like mr trump always does true not honest !
 @ bburke0920 realdonaldtrump stay awesome mr trump you are an inspiration and a great american wish our elected officials could be same !
 @ mjgrilliot realdonaldtrump is the funniest yet most honest person on twitter thanks !
 @ brentludington  never give uphow i turned my biggest challenges into success
“take calculated risks that is quite different from being rash”  george s patton
donald trump jr ivanka trump eric trump and myself in front of the old post office dc on pennsylvania 
an ad hoc interview i filmed with a german journalist at ground zero hours after the attack 
 @ accountsrs realdonaldtrump thank you for saving new york from another spitzer era  we got lucky !
 @ redellis1 realdonaldtrump he must go people like him r destroying our country and our principals !  re lightweight ag schneiderman
 @ kbmc24 realdonaldtrump my husband and i think you're so awesome ! we can't wait to come to nyc one day and see the trump towers ! great !
 @ bestisme realdonaldtrump is on a roll and its only 7 : 10a my time i love his enthusiasm ! if only everyone had his thought process
 @ codybaine realdonaldtrump your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field
weiner is gone spitzer is gone  next will be lightweight ag eric schneiderman is he a crook ? wait and see worse than spitzer or weiner
assad hit the jackpot !
 @ thorpe81 realdonaldtrump you are the greatest thank you  # staygreat !  i will be working hard on that !
lightweight attorney general eric schneiderman will be next to lose he goes after a school with a 98 approval ratingleaves biggies alone
 @ deanoct realdonaldtrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time thank you !
 @ tsatsasepia realdonaldtrump :  “a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from” – think like a champion
 @ drake4444444 :  youre welcome we did it !  @ realdonaldtrump :  thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spit
 @ brock2120 realdonaldtrump i remember when schneiderman was 2nd in command to patterson on the d side can you believe those two ?
 @ tvreporter realdonaldtrump what will you miss most about wiener ?  absolutely nothing !
 @ mikethescrew realdonaldtrump give credit where it is due nyc voters chose correctly
wow eliot spitzer has lost  great  news  for new york city !
bottom line i don't think president changed people's minds  must hope for a lifeline from putin a very dangerous lifeline at that !
doesn't want to remove assad  worries what comes next
does he look sharp smart and presidentialhis hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noisemicrophone too sensitive
will be covering president obama's speech at 900 on twitteryou are all so lucky !
 @ obamafraudulent realdonaldtrump  @ d18mt2 the birth certificate that you forced obama to show is a computer generated forgery
 @ jaylefler realdonaldtrump putin is much smarter than obama no surprise his tactics
 @ asbrowntown realdonaldtrump you want to send more americans out to war ? why don't you sign up ?  i am against an attack on syria dummy !
this new russian strategy guarantees victory for the syrian governmentand makes obama and us look hopelessly bad president in trouble !
 @ austinodusanya1   realdonaldtrump you are a great mentor i have all your books  greatgood luck !
dangerweiner is a free man at 12 : 01am he will be back sexting with a vengeance all women remain on alert
 @ frankierap   cant wait to hear what  @ realdonaldtrump has to say about obama's speech tonight !i'll be tweeting during speech
 @ ellevarner     focus  follow one course until successful  @ realdonaldtrump midas touch this is a great read thanks
want to take a quiz with me ? download the  @ millonseconds app and watch  @ ryanseacrest on monday at 8/7c on  @ nbc
press conference at the old post office in dc 
 @ driftaguy realdonaldtrump who is your favourite celebrity apprentice winner ?  i have many !
 @ mdhmdhmdh realdonaldtrump why don't you retire and spend your money ?  too boring !
 @ liammccallum85 realdonaldtrump should be elected for president of the world the man speak great sense about world problems !  # leader
 @ mystory2 realdonaldtrump did u get boo d at the us open last night ?  no very friendly crowdgreat match !
i'll be going to the old post office building on pennsylvania avenue in dc today will create one of world's great hotels lots of jobs !
 @ andfor1 :  “ @ toure realdonaldtrump syria is a complex and dynamic situation no one would expect you to comprehend it” nor obama ! so true
 @ the2reggie realdonaldtrump personally i would ignore toure everybody else does he is not relevant you are i don't like dumb racists !
 @ longhornhomer  he is not smart enough to understand !
 @ philknudsen toure  @ realdonaldtrump just curious toure how have you done with your business ventures and how many people do you employ ?
 @ mrmarin88 :  why does  @ realdonaldtrump always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard ? only stupid people
 @ notleadinglady realdonaldtrump  @ toure mr trump how is toure a racist ? i just don't see it not enough people watch him to know !
 @ toure  dumb as a rock toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything elsemerely a simpleton racistreally bad ratingsreally stupid guy
 @ toure if you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know i never filed for bankruptcynow worth over $10 billion dummy
so much for ‘global warming’ earth is cooling at a record pace 
adopt the arts campaign at  @ fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs 
 @ thebigeasy ernieyou are doing a great job with  # autismsupportglad to help see you at trump national jupiter
 @ dongibson12 realdonaldtrump  @ riqardpaliq hopefully donald trumps fate is to be a very old rich ex president in good health so nice !
 @ trueasmith realdonaldtrump thoughts on geno ? ?  he played great especially for his first game !
 @ jonc316 realdonaldtrump jags gm stated he would not take tebow even if released can he go back in that statement  he should !
 @ jamesshelby realdonaldtrump what is your opinion on tebow ? was destroyed at jetsgreat guyshould have gone to jacksonville !
tony romo just made a great playgiants are getting killed !
 @ dashinglis realdonaldtrump  @ robin1260 i'm in the states next week and whenever i am there i always buy trump shirts and ties i luv em
 @ michaelmkw10 realdonaldtrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016 ? got to love the trump brand but trump presidency best !
 @ dianemarshall realdonaldtrump speaks nothing but the truth unlike certain people in the current presidential administrationtrue diane
 @ toughnewworld :  i may not always agree with  @ realdonaldtrump statements but he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties
 @ johndoe5210 realdonaldtrump  @ nflonfox  great i don't always agree with you but i always respect you thank you
doing a commercial for  @ nflonfox lots of fun ! 
 @ gretawire :  presobama is not busy talking to congress about syriahe is playing golf go figure
 @ josegonzalez69 realdonaldtrump you have my vote and i'm a democrat !albeit a conservative one  thanks joe
 @ fidanizzbig   you need both thanks
 @ sybilalopez realdonaldtrump the quality is the best a
 @ hyda313 realdonaldtrump i have the cuff links ! they single handedly got me a job ! !
 @ jimslickatshort realdonaldtrump we really don't need your shirts damn we need your brains ! get involved in politics !  thanks !
 @ tombwiles realdonaldtrump you forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks  true  people love them  thanks !
 @ cosmostickets realdonaldtrump  @ macy your apparel is the first thing i look at when i go to the mall !  thanks  you have good taste !
 @ dexterpugh   great looking couplegood to have him back !
 @ marklevinshow :  oh how painful this must be for liberals and rinos ! 
 @ wussydemon :  can i get a rt from  @ realdonaldtrump for getting three of the best looking shirts  @ macys  # bigfan 
 @ anitaozz2 toure  @ realdonaldtrump trump will do or say anything  but toure why only one name ? is just a very dumb racistbad ratings !
 @ unabashedprog realdonaldtrump  @ thegroveguru can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game ?  actually yes !
 @ thegroveguru realdonaldtrump could you imagine bill belichek broadcasting to tom coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz ?
 @ ericjgiroux realdonaldtrump you need to make a run  time will tell !
just watching nbc  news  where our potential attack is being detailedthe exact ships the stealth bombers the destinationsso ridiculous !
 @ garrygreiner realdonaldtrump we should send obama and congress to syria !
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk” – the america we deserve
“do you want to know who you are ? don't ask act ! action will delineate and define you”   thomas jefferson
obama is not a leader he's just a campaigner !
“remember the golden rule of negotiating :  ‘he who has the gold makes the rules’” – midas touch
 @ robyncook7 :  it's sad that  @ realdonaldtrump knows more about politics than our politicians
really bad  news  just announced concerning jobs far fewer jobs created in august than anticipated interest rates therefore to remain low
 @ vindictivraider realdonaldtrump well quit yapping about and run for office i like your ideas do it ! !
 @ autumnallday realdonaldtrump i wish you'd run for office the country needs more minds like yours  thank you
 @ jahbalon :  why is sierra club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines ? must read from biologist 
 @ jessegunplayjay realdonaldtrump you're a pussy shut up and stop crying  @ jayleno show is funny  no jay is dumb as a rockgets outplayed
russia is sending a fleet of ships to the mediterranean obama’s war in syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict
 @ walterdisneyusa realdonaldtrump you would make such a good president thank you !
 @ livinin80s realdonaldtrump hell yeah ! dammit i love the frankness and brutal honesty of  @ realdonaldtrump  ! it is the only way !
 @ tjryyyan realdonaldtrump did you enjoy the experience you had with  @ wwe  yes had a great time !
 @ sebastvalmont realdonaldtrump  @ macmiller lmao what about his tattoos ? do you like those ?  no !
 @ jlowry :  idc what anyone says  @ realdonaldtrump is the man  very nice !
 @ sebastvalmont realdonaldtrump when is  @ macmiller gonna pay you ? that is a very good question ! his only good song is donald trump
 @ fsusteve realdonaldtrump why do you think you're so polarizing ?  because i like to beit often times brings out the truth !
is anthony weiner a jerk or what !
 @ pdgreenwood :  i wish i could go on jay's show so badly ! real quote from  @ realdonaldtrump real quote is i wish they would stop calling
 @ twojacksdetail  send it to me in new york doug !  thanks
 @ reaperoftruth realdonaldtrump u mad because  @ jayleno doesn't want u on his show ? he begs me to go on his showdone it many times loser !
 @ whiskeyscowgirl realdonaldtrump  just turned off jay !  i can't watch him anymore running out with the phony high fiveshe's lost it !
 @ jpworldwide realdonaldtrump you need to go on  @ howardstern to bash jay leno howard hates him too  howard is right on lenojay is over
 @ mariadavidson10 realdonaldtrump you have more followers than they  @ billmaher  @ jayleno do so true and am hopefully much smarter !
“appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you” – think like a billionaire
with the signature services of trump attaché  @ trumpwaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of waikiki 
 @ gop must stay focused on defunding obamacare and the impending budget battle don’t let syria rule the agenda
 @ serenawilliams had a flawless  @ usopen quarterfinal win last night she’s a great player and a wonderful person
 @ emilymiller's book emily gets her gun exposes the attack on our second amendment 
congratulations to  @ piersmorgan on winning  @ britishgq tv personality of the year piers deserves his success !
 @ atkins4 realdonaldtrump you realize that is what iran wants dont you ? you beat iran in a much different fashionnot through syria !
 @ bigsexybdavis realdonaldtrump mr trump would attack syria or no ?  no lets make our country great again as they fight their war !
 @ battoulshamsi realdonaldtrump i just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things 2 the pointthanks
 @ jvmesb realdonaldtrump is the kind of president we need !  true !
how can general martin dempsey tell obama that delaying the syria bombardment will have no consequences ? he is no patton or macarthur
i am giving away money check the crowdfunding site  @ fundanything 
 @ trillblowa :  if the government just listened to  @ realdonaldtrump this country would be so much better !
 @ devante4liberty realdonaldtrump but if we had a republican president you would say the exact opposite right ?  wrong !
 @ desorourke84 realdonaldtrump trump tower here in chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
 @ alto67 realdonaldtrump your thoughts on bill de blasio for mayor  i predicted two years ago that he would win !
 @ rizzlizz realdonaldtrump i am surprised weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot ! should seek help
 @ itstracy realdonaldtrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotlandwe could use your help cute !
 @ ewudziyamoah realdonaldtrump glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work  thank you !
 @ 53andlex realdonaldtrump please run for potus 2016 america desperately needs a true leader with common sense ! thank you
 @ schulesix3 :  roast of  @ jamesfrancotv will be the best one since  @ realdonaldtrump  ok as long as mine remains number one !
 @ libertybellskp realdonaldtrump that's the plan have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life ? i am stunned daily
 @ swagdaddyyol0 :  why isn't  @ realdonaldtrump president instead of obama  ? ?  that is truly a good question !
 @ madrina26 realdonaldtrump any chance you'll change your mind and run for president ?  # gotmyvote  time will tell !
 @ mguarino64 realdonaldtrump  how would you treat the syria situation if president  ? i'd let them all fight with each otherfocus on us !
 @ rickhuebner realdonaldtrump my son joey survived leukemia he is is now 13 thank you makeawish and nccf for everything they did
 @ illuminati6sep realdonaldtrump  you should be president  save america  thank you !
 @ timifel realdonaldtrump you always have something negative to say about obama dont you ?  yes !
 @ bbpack  you have real talent !
 @ jonathanagin realdonaldtrump wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month
 @ irazaalishah realdonaldtrump  donald you are antiobama no matter what obama does you will take the opposite view  wrongall on merit
 @ dickquinn realdonaldtrump obviously amateur hour at the wh obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so
 @ jayneg53 realdonaldtrump can't say obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war !  general patton would not be happy right now !
 @ jessenicholas13 realdonaldtrump i'm scared for my future  you should be !
 @ cadams2513 realdonaldtrump if trump was potus we would have all the money we need !  # trump 2016   that's true !
 @ jenconservative rkdrake  @ realdonaldtrump i would be totally surprised if the us even has any money to spend on syria ! we don't !
 @ jaymiller283 realdonaldtrump  @ jenconservative we need a strong minded potus in office before we enter into another war
 @ kswizzle43 realdonaldtrump what would you do  give a solution vs being so critical ? !  i would make america great again !
 @ onemikex realdonaldtrump he's to soft of a president  incompetent would be a better word !
 @ jenconservative realdonaldtrump not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war !  so true !
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer  albert einstein
 @ gfeorg realdonaldtrump a talk show is an amazing idea so many would love to see you do ityour insight on a daily basis ? what a gift !
pervert weiner is dead in his race for mayor of nyc but wow eliot spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller sleaze !
 @ ronhromadka realdonaldtrump talk shows are stale ! but a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the trump org exciting !
 @ realdbp realdonaldtrump a talk show would be the perfect arena for you mr trump ratings would soar through the roof ! but no time !
 @ gocubbies22 realdonaldtrump bought a poster frame from my walmart store today and the sample picture was trump tower in chicago great
 @ fartlesburg realdonaldtrump do you ever get sad ?  i don't have the time !
i hope everyone read the brilliant article in american spectator about leightweight ag eric schneiderman he should be run out of office !
in that  @ timewarner has  @ hbo with really dumb racist  bryant gumbeland i mean dumb and no cbs which fired bryant i am switching bldgs
 @ hpea0899 realdonaldtrump i disdain you with every fiber of my being  thank you !
 @ chrisfornari realdonaldtrump  @ cnbc  # trumptuesdays were the best ! this country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong !
 @ sonnyjr66 realdonaldtrump i'm a prof salesman but not motivated by money but like to win is that a bad thing ?  no not at all !
 @ jasonsweis realdonaldtrump agreed we need our troops on the streets of chicago not in syria
“sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward”   @ vincemcmahon
what a shame that  @ msnbc’s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013 prime time down 50  @ thereval's are cont 
thx marki appreciate your words about the school you sound like you're doing wellhappy for you  @ businessinsider 
 @ agustingil realdonaldtrump are you planning to visit uruguay as soon as punta del este tower is done ? i'd like to get my books signedy
 @ janusdcjavu realdonaldtrump the one who talks much does nothing except make 10 billion dollars  go get a job dumbass !
 @ voicelikeariot realdonaldtrump  @ washingtonpost :  why obama is giving up the element of surprise in syria perhaps because he is stupid ?
i give the president's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10 ! not bad but room for improvement !
 @ joeybonedry realdonaldtrump jeff has been battling cancer for years huge fan and trump supporter as am i 
 @ hunterboss1996 realdonaldtrump i'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president  # trump2016 that's ok with me !
 @ dlhanno64 janeygodley  @ realdonaldtrump donald makes you happy thats good we need something to make us happy with this president
 @ zacking30 realdonaldtrump is officially the person i look up to !  # billionaire  # hero thanks
 @ sonnset2  so true not even close
 @ tjstoudt   i really want  @ realdonaldtrump to speak at liberty university convocation again great school
 @ kyleraccio   realdonaldtrump trump will win this  as he wins everything else ! awesome  thanks
the misery of obama’s economic policies us households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 
remember all these ‘freedom fighters’ in syria want to fly planes into our buildings
congrats to  @ timtebow on making  @ patriots’ first cut stay strong and positive ! we are all rooting for you
 @ ginny14974      @ realdonaldtrump  the arab league should be taking care of this not us  100 correct
 @ richnyjets realdonaldtrump dam right let them fight among themselves save our men and women's lives save our money none of our bus
 @ notthatactor realdonaldtrump col peters is right when our adversaries r at war w each other assad regime al q stay out of it !
 @ frankmorano :  i think  @ realdonaldtrump's book the america we deserve deserves a read written in 2000 very prescient !
kate is donating a  # kidney to her husband 
 @ dmurphy13    realdonaldtrump purely a political move if he met w/obamamrtrump please put the heat on this clown show !
see schneiderman admit he spoke with obama about “ongoing investigations 
thug politics lightweight hack schneiderman meets with obama on thursday then brings frivolous suit on saturday
 @ j pm 17 realdonaldtrump  @ tomnocera i've taken a few of the classes on line thought they were very good
wow l just found out that ag schneiderman met with president obama in syracuse on thursday  and sued me on saturday ! same as irs etc
 @ hughphartud :  schneidean is in trouble history shows that  @ realdonaldtrump will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender
 @ anthonyjmyers realdonaldtrump as for  # trumpuniversity i have only ever heard great things from former students don't sweat it !
how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case  a total sleazebag !
why did lightweight ag eric schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions ? also recent asks ?
why did failing ag eric schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a saturday afternoon unheard of ? no case !
lightweight ag eric schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98 approval rating of students for courses
 @ abimlebt :  eric schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing  @ realdonaldtrump bad choice trump will eat him alive
lightweight nys attorney general eric schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit see website 
 @ obs3shyn  thanks it was fun and amazing !
 @ thebarbashop :  maybe ill go to macy's and buy a  @ realdonaldtrump shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding stuff's beautiful great
 @ mistrusso realdonaldtrump those are the ppl that can't handle the truth great job at forcing his hand like only the trump can do ! !
 @ mchikkis :  had an amazing stay at the trump in chicago this past weekend thanks  @ realdonaldtrump  ? ?
john mccain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could hillary clinton—but donald did !
with the whacko pervert weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout sexting begins 911  @  12 : 01 am
 @ korydc  @ trumptowerny thanks great that you remember really nice
time flies it’s  @ trumptowerny’s 30th anniversary to celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history 
 @ tanwexy i like you too
 @ lovefamously realdonaldtrump please can you rt ? little mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast
 @ mzk51matt realdonaldtrump what was up with bryant gumbel's cheap shot on you on hbo ? he's a really dumb really jealous racist !
 @ thecoolestemma realdonaldtrump will there be a new season of celebrity apprentice ?  yes !
 @ adammke realdonaldtrump my 1st book report in 5th grade was on the art of the deal ~1988  great adam and you hit big !
 @ alrightjarret :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur ? yes come up with a great idea and work your ass off !
 @ zeenazi realdonaldtrump there is zero chance u get elected but very powerful indorcer  wrong and correct !
 @ notthatactor realdonaldtrump donald if u don't run in '16 we will be stuck with hillary would you do that to us ? make it trump '16
congress must defund obamacare  it is destroying medicare and breaking promises to our seniors including veterans
had a great time on  @ gretawire last night  greta always does great interviews
the hatchet job in  @ nymag about roger ailes is total bullshit he is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team  @ fox news 
 @ alexsalmond if a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy i have an ideajust put up subsidized wind cont 
 @ hercules realdonaldtrump we would like to create a ll field in chris lanes honour at his home club
 @ rwgooch realdonaldtrump why does fox continue to bring on karl rove ?  a total waste of airtimespent over $400 million and not 1 win !
 @ bendreyfuss realdonaldtrump thank you donald ! this country needs you ! please run in 2016 ! busines is what america is failing at !
 @ reklaw78 realdonaldtrump i read on wikipedia that you and bryant gumbel were roommates in college no i went to a much better school !
 @ jfolds realdonaldtrump bryant is the wanna be greg gumbel lol keep up the great tweets trump !  greg is far more talented than bryant
 @ mattjerichoy2j realdonaldtrump congrats on becoming a  @ wwe  # hof it can be argued that you are the reason wreslemania was so succesful
 @ pellscuse11 realdonaldtrump who plays more golf yourself or the president ? my money is on potus  you win !
 @ mikeambo5 realdonaldtrump i had no idea bryant gumbel was still on tv another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy
 @ johnsim96499126 realdonaldtrump damn bryant gumbal is so not relevant on the scale of anything  so true !
 @ lisariv76873320 realdonaldtrump who is bryant gumbel ? a racist dope with a long and deep record of failure !
 @ antifox news  toure doesn't  @ realdonaldtrump have better things to do like investigating ted cruise ? you can't even spell his name !
you must admit that bryant gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around  an arrogant dope with no talent failed at cbs etcwhy still on tv ?
 @ uspatriot3888 realdonaldtrump why isnt mainstream media all over this like trayvon martin story ?will there be justice for chris lane ?
 @ jfedkiw realdonaldtrump i wonder where al sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in duncan oklahomawhere is the anger ?
“i have a very strict gun control policy :  if there's a gun around i want to be in control of it”   clint eastwood
it’s tuesday  how many terrible predictions and advice will karl 16 rove make today ?
 @ stuartpstevens did a horrible job for mitt—is a refund in order ? sadly stuart is a disaster !
with  @ stuartpstevens expected to represent  @ govchristie in the presidential race chris will have a very hard time winning
 @ mattbevin :  as someone well versed in job creation and the private sector if you lie on your resume you’re fired !
our great project in south america trump tower punta del este in uruguay will have spectacular views and the 
 @ theantifox realdonaldtrump  @ nypolice then donald will be ok being stopped and frisked 3 times a week making you late  ok with me !
 @ subhanaanwar :  whenever i feel down and feel like giving up i simple go to  @ realdonaldtrump twitter page
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday”  john wayne
obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective 
 @ clarko76 realdonaldtrump mr trump my girlfriend and i just getting booked up for your hotel in soho looking forward to a great stay
 @ brandonmckinney realdonaldtrump just wanted to say that i love my donald j trump dress shirts by far most comfortable and best ! macy's
 @ bat211 realdonaldtrump  @ capetown58 obama wanted mubarak out and his pals from muslim brotherhood in as usual what he does is a disaster
 @ firdousalidr realdonaldtrump off to your lovely aberdeen golf club tomorrow  just got ranked number one by golf week mag  enjoy it !
 @ herbalistmob realdonaldtrump determination made you who you are ?  a very important element toward anyone's success !
 @ dmxxx :  haha i think it's cute how my sister likes donald trump  ?  tell your sister i think she's great !
 @ sofiamozek realdonaldtrump my mind would explode with happiness if donald trump was elected president
 @ glenninvestor realdonaldtrump  it's not a great country now ? no we are a laughing stock all over the worldbut we can come back big !
 @ benkilzer :  but really tho if  @ realdonaldtrump was president omg i want that so bad
we must leave stop and frisk for arod and anthony weiner !
 @ richardflorenc1 realdonaldtrump can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game good luck win !
 @ wantddublovin realdonaldtrump i cannot wait until your building opens in vancouver ! it's gonna be a great addition to our downtown core
 @ meenah83 realdonaldtrump  can't wait for you to be president of the united state   and our country would be greatagain ! thanks
 @ jaseduckman :  all is well between me and  @ realdonaldtrump we wear big boy pants mine happens to be camo  # noworries great jase !
“develop success from failures discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success” – dale carnegie
keep an open mindbusiness is a creative endeavor strive for innovative ideas
 @ catcrazy71 realdonaldtrump your mother was such a pretty lady ! true considered a great beautythanks
 @ mmanoff realdonaldtrump what can i do to help donald j trump get elected to be president of the usa ? just sit tightthanks !
obama' ststement on egypt was terrible and dumbnow being used by military as a rallying cryour foreign policy is worst in us history
can’t wait for  @ dylanbyers’ follow up  @ politico piece discussing my large sunday  news  shows ratings win because of my interview !
 @ gop house leadership – establish select committee on benghazi there is a massive coverup
 @ dannydamico67     @ realdonaldtrump may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal  thx i think
fact :  without texas and states reaping the fracking boom obama’s job record would go from bad to worse !
740 park avenue is being robbed all over the placewe come down hard on thieves at trump buildings
 @ indcoltsfan realdonaldtrump if president what would be your 1st order of business ?terminate obamacare !
 @ therealhamzeh :  went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me  @ realdonaldtrump everything  # countontrump great have fun !
 @ txbpd realdonaldtrump just caught your interview on  @ gretawire on my dvr always love hearing you speak ! thanks !
“when your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition” – midas touch
looks like anthony weiner is throughmost recent poll has him deeply in last place good  news 
 @ getkraven realdonaldtrump sir you would have my vote 100 guaranteed if you decided to show these demorats how to run this country
 @ carlotalorenabr :  the fact that  @ realdonaldtrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited
 @ garrykennedy realdonaldtrump great job on greta tonight ! i am a huge fan and you really inspire me !  thank you
 @ mysticwolf12001 realdonaldtrump c'mon you know you're the only one capable of beating clinton
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump  @ vinnytitone i think he'll lead the polls like last time it will be a healthy victory for trump
i will be on greta  @ gretawire tonight at 10  pm  on fox  news 
re  @ twc timewarner i am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous !
i missed the pga championship because it was not broadcast by timewarner  @ twc why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts ?
 @ coffeepleaseam    @ realdonaldtrump i'm so happy that you find time to tweet i really enjoy following you  thanks amy
goodmorning i'm going to work !
 @ sayylalalaselah confessionnight i want to one day slap donald trump in the face  but remember dummy he hits back really hard !
 @ draww16 :  donald trump is his only good song in my opinion  except for his donald trump song little mac miller's music sucks !
 @ catspolitics :  some of us never stopped ignoring him rt  @ slate :   only the really smart one's never stopped !
 @ riggsdeb realdonaldtrump my hubby just said you're his 2016 pick i told him to get in line i picked you first  # trump2016  adorable !
 @ phlbaseballnsdr realdonaldtrump  @ forevermcin i'm voting for you whether you officially run or not ! trump for prez and christie for vp
 @ forevermcin realdonaldtrump will i have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016 ?  # votetrump  we will see thanks !
not only is  @ toure a racist and boring he's a really dumb guy !
 @ omahatiger realdonaldtrump  how do you deal with idiots on daily basis ?  ignore them
 @ kmonchk obama ! is gonna knock  @ realdonaldtrump to the ground on a debate  he woildhave no chance lets go !
 @ ariannahuff i would love to represent your husbandyou would end up with nothing ! and please don't call tim armstrong stupid and weak ?
the failing  @ huffingtonpost and dopey  @ ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about methey just can't get enough !  be careful
 @ mofarber     @ realdonaldtrump i love all your inspirational quotes ! it keeps us going thanks donald ! great !
 @ sonnset2  he knows the best place !
 @ stingluver   @ realdonaldtrump my 19 year old son logan is hoping you run in 2016 me too ! thank you logan and erin
congratulations to  @ jasondufner on winning the pga championship great job !
 @ texas4 realdonaldtrump great speech in iowa thank you it was fun !
 @ duqville :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc  thanks !
 @ ronnakirkland realdonaldtrump send some ties to eric bolling he needs them    @ ericbolling is this so ?
i can't believe that in new york we can't watch the pga championsip on cbs how    much discount is time warner giving its customers ?
 @ dtomback realdonaldtrump  :  great job on this week ! way to stick it to the liberal media
 @ omahatiger realdonaldtrump just saw you on  @ thisweekabc  absolutely awesome thanks for giving me hope in the us
 @ thefamilyleader  thank you i had an amazing time !
 @ thenicksutton realdonaldtrump great job during your interview on  @ thisweekabc ! this country needs you  thank you !
 @ izakstrauss realdonaldtrump i bought a shirt two years ago while visiting ny still receiving compliments ! love it !  thanks !
eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against scott stringer he can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record
the trump signature collection exclusively available at  @ macys is the pinnacle of style and prestige 
colin montgomerie  @ montgomeriefdn you are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary  @ golfchannel
first minister  @ alexsalmond will be destroying the beauty of scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines
 @ alexsalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down scotland’s throat –he's hated for it
in the latest poll dangerweiner’s numbers have sunk i wonder how carlos handled the stress ? he is one whacko sicko sexter
 @ justinrose99 great playingwe are proud of you !
 @ austinbighurt  @ ivankatrump  when we finish it will be one of world's great hotels
doesn’t dummy  @ chucktodd realize that when i considered running for president i filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers
sleepy eyes  @ chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics is angry that i’m doing  @ thisweekabc
 @ brodie7878 realdonaldtrump  @ arcuate we will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years
 @ innovember2012 realdonaldtrump i would prefer a trump/giuliani ticket but a trump/anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious
 @ jtfoxx alexleventis  @ realdonaldtrump in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is donald trump he leads by example ! i am the bestthx
 @ kyleraccio :  windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife may not be politically correct but it's the truth
 @ kylemccall4   so truealex salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people !
 @ maxknowsall    @ realdonaldtrump england loves donald trump where can we buy your ties from over here please ? check out  @ macyscom
 @ mcleangolf :  drove around the new blue monster again tonight saving photos what donald trump has done here will shock golf world !
“definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement”  w clement stone
 @ pikedagger1868 keep your chin up keep going
ft hood jihadi nidal hassan has been paid over $300g in army salary while on trial his victims are deprived of any benefits
 @ govmikehuckabee great being on your showsee you soon !
the trump organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelo pm ent of the old post office will be dc's finest hotel
 @ ilerios97 realdonaldtrump sixteen is amazing ! the best dinner i've ever had in my life  thanksbest in chicago !
 @ jagofficial realdonaldtrump  @ apprenticenbc has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this sunday at my home for a bone marrow case
 @ kingmortimer best to look up titles at 
 @ randirobics  yes it will be amazing
 @ brianryback thank you brian and good luck
“be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business” – think like a champion
why has all time hits leader pete rose paid a 20 year price whrn arod gets 200 game penalty it's time to let pete into the hall of fame !
 @ bolt   that could happen he is terrific !
 @ desireebarela :  you're making deals with nondealmakers  @ realdonaldtrump on the us government  and that is a real problem !
 @ gretawire will be on with greta tonight at 10 on foxalways a great show with greta !
 @ mikelajnyc realdonaldtrump spent the night at the trump taj mahal in ac had a great time ! great staff !
wesigned our deal to take over the historic old post office on pennsylvania ave from the us and convert it into super luxury hoteljobs !
action speaks louder than words but not nearly as oftenmark twain
 @ dianejackson9 look at the solution not the problemand never give up
omikrondreamer  realdonaldtrump do you wear your own ties ?  yes
 @ ronturner10 pursue it starting today action  is the foundational key to all successpablo  picasso
 @ jeffgonyea the art of the deal
 @ liamvanvorhis realdonaldtrump  @ uglytunaosd.c.aising money for cancer the whole month of august in two days we have raised $1500
 @ daveperry71 :  my big job interview for my promotion is wednesday and i'm going to channel  @ realdonaldtrump to win the job ! go get it !
 @ laurenboals :  sipping on some starbucks in the trump towers my first day in nyc very impressive and inspirational  # amazing !
 @ gfeorg realdonaldtrump i think i'm anticipating the next season of celebrity apprentice more than the start of football season
over 35 cia operatives were on the ground in benghazi the night of the 911 attack 
 @ hattakzots realdonaldtrump you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation ! america needs a clean up !
 @ bobbassman realdonaldtrump  @ anthonyolgin like when bush killed all those kids in iraq when he invaded the wrong country ? really bad war
 @ ctormes realdonaldtrump  @ anthonyolgin do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on ? yes but we must move quickly !
 @ patrickgibson realdonaldtrump country shouldn't be capitalized there donald  i always cap when talking about the usa only !
 @ anthonyolgin realdonaldtrump do u ever get sad ?  yes when i look at what's happening to our country !
 @ mhrynuik ashleymchandler  so cool that  @ realdonaldtrump and  @ joelosteen are twitter friends !  and real friends joel is the best !
eliot better have a great prenup—i want to help silda in her negotiation
people don’t know that eliot’s father is very rich eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters
wow ! does eliot spitzer have a girlfriend ? this is getting exciting
if you don't do your part don't blame god  billy sunday
i am getting worried about chris  @ hardballchris matthews  is he drinking again ?
snowden is handing over to russia a treasure trove of intel our politicians are incapable of dealing !
be sure to keep following announcements on the develo pm ent of trump international golf club dubai  will be spectacular
 @ willeshirey   realdonaldtrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man  great
 @ kaplunm   @ realdonaldtrump thoughts on snowden being granted asylum in russia ? no respect for us by russia
who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster ?  # tbt  # trump 
“what the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve”   norman vincent peale
 @ shellysrt0527 realdonaldtrump what will it take to bring back the made in the usa label ?  great leadership !
 @ 1986fed :  obama needs to listen to  @ realdonaldtrump so we can turn things around economically  !  so true and it would be sooooo easy !
 @ meedcolin   yes very soon  project will be amazing !
 @ tullthomas realdonaldtrump trump soho the best looking building in the country no other building in the world looks like it thanks !
 @ vicsecret2 realdonaldtrump hi don what are your thoughts on teresa guidice ? a really nice personhopefully everything will work out
 @ cancerchampion  thank you for those nice words !
 @ anniehepburn :  i hope that one day i'll have a career like yours you're such a role model to me !  @ realdonaldtrump  ?  thank you !
just like  @ yankee organization i can’t wait for  @ mlb to suspend arod will be a great day for the sport
 @ sharonk720   realdonaldtrump appreciate the advice needed that today thank u  my honor
obama believes benghazi is a “phony scandal”  nothing phony about americans being killed by islamists
 @ irene1969 have a great day
be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s  @ stevedeaceshow  steve is a terrific guy !
congratulations to  @ dianesawyer on her big ratings win for the evening  news  diane is a spectacular person
 @ texan767 realdonaldtrump that he even has any poll numbers is baffling  true !
 @ aronsarmy realdonaldtrump dear sir so can i ask hpw can i fuel my passion only by doing something that you love !
 @ thequote :  when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough  donald trump
 @ jacobocasarez     @ realdonaldtrump which one of your trump courses is your favorite to play ? hard to sayall are fantastic
 @ thomripley :  i got some  @ realdonaldtrump ties the quality is unparalleled at that price point
 @ jamincoolj   realdonaldtrump donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best ? i'd better not say !
“once you learn to quit it becomes a habit”  vince lombardi
 @ trumpdoral  @ realjoebrady it will really be amazing when complete
 @ euanhay you can have a round on me !
 @ deelaney31    @ realdonaldtrump besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success ? i love what i do
 @ thejustinmiami the art of the deal !
 @ cantalupoa realdonaldtrump please tell me another apprentice is coming  !  it is !
 @ lazyj70 realdonaldtrump  @ maathewdavis beating china and i'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the usa  great !
 @ kathykphillips realdonaldtrump it's sunday night and i'm missing celebrity apprentice in a bad way ! we start shooting in the spring !
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump if mr trump runs for president america will get back to beating china ! go trump ! !
 @ sammyabdel realdonaldtrump too wanna hear the truth ? listen to donald trump it's that simple
 @ sammyabdel realdonaldtrump donald speaks the truth but i guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys !
 @ mslandshark realdonaldtrump  @ amuller65 no i can't say i see it i don't see the us as a major player ever again thanks to obamawrong
 @ kellypennett :  “ @ jessrogo :  the only reason i came to dc for my sister's golf tournament is to see donald trump speak at the dinner” thanks !
 @ bobbhewitt realdonaldtrump derek jeter what a return ! he is the anti arod great leader have you met him ? he is a great guy !
 @ yadiranasa cschlechta realdonaldtrump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica when is ur next visit back to dc ?  tuesday for pga
 @ jurciuoli19 :  got word that celebrity apprentice has been picked up for another season ! its official ! shooting next spring !
 @ fam5rock realdonaldtrump  # snowden not a traitor shared info with fellow americans who have a right to know about nsa snooping bullshit
 @ tjtintman realdonaldtrump got engaged at  @ trumpchicago  staff has been amazing ! glad we could have our special day here beautiful !
 @ duncanhughes62 realdonaldtrump the real q is how does the nsa justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data ? so true
 @ realsonnynewman  they are laughing
 @ lindapct realdonaldtrump mr trump can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the wh ?  will not be easy !
the new reality – china’s demand for oil now controls the market 
 @ johntorcasio realdonaldtrump is what happened to detroit a good thing long term  it has been sliding for decades  incompetence
 @ ryan211 realdonaldtrump hey donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant ?  me !
 @ asaadhutchinson realdonaldtrump  # scotland is so lovely i understand your love for it
 @ storaxbobac realdonaldtrump remember when you were in the music video on our own from  # ghostbusters ii ? that was awesome  yes !
 @ lukeenns realdonaldtrump :  “courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway” john wayne cant argue with the duke
 @ andythetwit realdonaldtrump when will dubai be complete ? under construction nowcompletion in two years !
 @ zachkrantz realdonaldtrump cant wait for tourney next march always good to have you on with  @ joeroseshow before big tournament
 @ dharris24 realdonaldtrump can't wait to visit this location one day ! keep up the great work mr trump !  thanks !
the 250 million dollar construction of trump nationsl doral is coming along great just left miami where i toured entire projectamazing !
getting ready to leave  @ trumpdoral and the brand new blue monster courseit's unbelievable !
 @ purplerapezebra   @ realdonaldtrump also new products they are going back to the pre steve jobs days and i have stock
 @ cccabrera10      @ realdonaldtrump reading the midas touch now what an amazing source of good information  thanks
maralago is florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities 
“there are no environments where you're only going to win because life just isn't like that”   bobby orr
 @ ednabateman :  you have to get people wanting to work again and that's not what's happening in this country  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ stanmorris realdonaldtrump i've never liked danny zuker notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs ! he has no power over jobs
 @ newnonny realdonaldtrump  @ craftmonroe if  @ dannyzuker is irrelevant why did you block him ?  because he is irrelevant also boring !
 @ chiiidog realdonaldtrump ten years ago we had steve jobs bob hope and johnny cash now we have no jobs no cash and no hope
 @ cschlechta realdonaldtrump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica when is ur next visit back to dc ? 
i can’t believe apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iphone screen bring back steve jobs !
for the sake of new york city all recent sexting victims of anthony ‘carlos danger’ weiner should come forward
“courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway” john wayne
 @ jesswiliem98 realdonaldtrump i really love reading your books you should write more books !  thanks !
 @ whartonmagazine :  open up your linkedin account today and you may see this article about  @ realdonaldtrump w'68 
 @ barnardsonja realdonaldtrump i wish i had your confidence !  win win win and you will develop great confidence !
 @ abbasjaf realdonaldtrump well vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice they were too arrogant and too stupidaberdeen turbineslosers
 @ 3valuedlogic realdonaldtrump the wall street journal believes that china will over take the us in built assets by next year question
 @ britnimacchia realdonaldtrump is it time for another season of celebrity apprentice yet ? !  very soon !
 @ jcalcat realdonaldtrump give me a good reason why i shouldn't unfollow you because you can't live withoutme or my extreme knowledge !
vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in aberdeen scotland just took a loss of $46 billion after dumb european move
 @ ajznidarsic realdonaldtrump when will charlotte see trump as part of the skyline ?  already have a great job there trump national
 @ adamogdenceo realdonaldtrump you are always on point with your comments ! always real thank you adam
bloomberg  news   spain's renewable projects lead by money losing wind turbines facing bankruptcy hopefully scotland is watching !
 @ dstandridge92 realdonaldtrump family is the us version of the royal family !   no but thank you so much !
 @ chinnis28 realdonaldtrump  # trump2016 only one i can think of to fix this spending problem
 @ millersandra88 realdonaldtrump  @ jsheehangolf i bet if he were running this country we wouldn't be in this mess ! !truegreat again !
 @ alexmoose454 realdonaldtrump so ! are you running in 2016 or no ? we need you ! !
 @ itsfattony realdonaldtrump how is it even possible to recover from 17trillion in debt ?  with greatleadership it is easy !
 @ lalatweetface realdonaldtrump we want you to run again in 2016 ! you'd be great with picking this country back up again
 @ shaunlandi realdonaldtrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country !  true !
 @ full76 realdonaldtrump wonderful job on the record ! i think you are tops !
 @ tcraig44 :  they don't have the incentive to move forward @ realdonaldtrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare  # amen
 @ jsheehangolf :  why is  @ realdonaldtrump not running this country he is a genius and gets it
greta in a few minuteswill be interesting !
 @ ryanrminer realdonaldtrump is your fued with  @ rosie over ?  no it will never end but she has become totally irrelevant !
 @ delllucky13 realdonaldtrump please help this widow who lost her veteran husband please donate even if its a dollar
 @ domenicgallina realdonaldtrump any  news  on a new celebrity apprentice ?  going forward as soon as i get the time to shoot !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump is your war with  @ dannyzuker over with ?  who is danny zuker ?
 @ ravens4life27 :  i wonder if i can get a birthday tweet from  @ realdonaldtrump for my birthday that would be awesome !
 @ crisspena realdonaldtrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth !  so true !
 @ rachsolo7 :  i want to be just like  @ realdonaldtrump when i grow up  # loveyoudonald  # trumpforpresident  go for it !
 @ calebjofficial realdonaldtrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country ! i pray you run !  thanks we can all use the prayers
 @ erita234 realdonaldtrump i really do respect your views as a republican !  great
 @ dursonator realdonaldtrump you are my hero  thank you !
 @ winpropp realdonaldtrump  @ paul4prolife you have frequently been a great judge of character very important for success in life thanks
 @ craftmonroe realdonaldtrump you were very right about weiner as always
 @ mattastro :  wish they'd name the royal baby after  @ realdonaldtrump  great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the world !
 @ paul4prolife realdonaldtrump gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance thank you !
 @ dskoon152part2 :  doing greta tonight  i bet her husband is pissed at you  !  @ realdonaldtrump yes but she is very happy !
i am doing greta tonight on fox  talking about obama care and pervert anthony wiener !  10  pm 
 @ ryanmoy realdonaldtrump i remember this episode hair still looks great !
 @ voipdata :  how about eliot spitzer ? will you say the same  ?  @ realdonaldtrump :  on anthony wiener i told you so ! eliot is also sick !
 @ josephmouser realdonaldtrump get it right its carlos danger even the last name wiener uses is sick !
 @ aarnold1877 letti4u  @ realdonaldtrump he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap that's why it's a big deal
 @ makenziemeans :  i remember when  @ realdonaldtrump said  # anthonyweiner would do this again ! love it !
 @ kev1009 realdonaldtrump are you building a condo in manila philippines ? if so should i invest ?  yesyes
 @ beagle5iver realdonaldtrump going to watching canadian open this week ?maybe few tour players will visit trump toronto !  great !
remember anthony wiener continued sending sick pics long after his resignation from congress and his apologyzero control over himself !
 @ menasseu realdonaldtrump i'll be richer than you when i reach your age !  # dreambig  great go for it !
 @ presidentstevie   not when you are running for mayor !
 @ kimekime19 realdonaldtrump people will someday listen to you  i hope it's not too late !
 @ realjamesscott realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on weiner's press conference ? wiener is seriously sick and will never change !
i will be on on the record  @ gretawire tonight at 10  pm 
 @ sepamu  @ rainnwilson citizen kane gone with the wind the good the bad and the ugly etc
 @ arod is back on the dl  the coming suspension will be announced soon by  @ mlb
no surprise serial sexter anthony continues to be a sick pervert he was sexting a 'young' girl last summer 
ginrnnr2   @ realdonaldtrump is china economy in a bubble ?  only if we want it to be !
weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character albert einstein
 @ ourjuicejourney realdonaldtrump plz run for prez you would win  thanks for the confidence !
baseball player ryan braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty ashell !
 @ poppjoe realdonaldtrump i've been to shanghai airport and its amazing we are 3rd world  no direction from our president sad
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an iraq prison today that country is a time bomb waiting to happena total corrupt mess !
china is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott ! very sad
 @ freemangadsden realdonaldtrump  @ qqueenllouise anytime the donald is on is the best time for television  thanks
 @ christineinsatx realdonaldtrump morning donald from texas the longhorn state god bless you  texas is great !
 @ qqueenllouise realdonaldtrump they put u on so early ! shows disrespect !  no 700 is the best time for morning television
 @ mikepicardi101 realdonaldtrump i won't wear anything else ! you have to look successful to be successful ! thanks for the awesome line !
 @ sofiamozek :  why  @ realdonaldtrump isn't sitting in the oval office now is a mystery to me
 @ ericabigelow :  i'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential electionand i really hope that  @ realdonaldtrump is on the ballot
 @ missunivers news  realdonaldtrump i love you  thanks and keep up the great workon to moscow
 @ barrman realdonaldtrump you are awesome ! cant wait for next season of celebrity apprenticehope you run for president in 2016 thanks !
 @ bufordta2003 :  i hope  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president he is what our country needs to get or economy going  thanks !
also the donald j trump signature mattress from serta is doing record businesscall serta and see why !
the ties shirts and suits at macy's are doing fantastically wellcheck out the new designs and low pricesnothing better !
 @ josiahjames17 :  need more people like  @ realdonaldtrump in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things
 @ seanmcquade acliffe  @ realdonaldtrump jealous of his success  ?  sean don't waste your time on these losersthey have nothing going !
 @ jimmymac1964 realdonaldtrump please run for president we need a true leader this country needs a trump makeover
 @ james0479 realdonaldtrump gotta say  # apprentice is the only reality show i never miss ! consistently flawless programming  thanks
 @ graciferia realdonaldtrump i think you are great can't wait for celebrity apprentice starts again ! best show on tv !  thanks !
 @ theahmadhassan realdonaldtrump sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring i love them  thank you !
“going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision” – think big
 @ yashkandhari      @ realdonaldtrump sir your tweets are truly motivational ! thanks a lot thank you
 @ mgseneca he was a great friend of mineloyal guy
 @ elbatataok the art of the deal is a good introduction
“be flexibly focused focus does not mean being narrowminded or rigid” – think big
rerun of o'reilly on fox now !
for the disciples of global warming in 150 summers years there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than currentthis has happened b4 !
whether you love like or hate donald trump i will be on bill o'reilly fox tonight at 800 bill knows trump is great for ratings !
 @ thompsondustin the art of the deal
“the most important political office is that of the private citizen”  justice louis d brandeis
 @ trumpphillygm    @ realdonaldtrump you have truly elevated this club to another level we thank you ! thanks !
congratulations to  @ kingjames on winning athlete of the year in last night’s  @ espys lebron is also a great guy !
must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that obamacare will cost over $1m for compliance 
go to  @ macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties shirts and suits
 @ bigstack19  @ realdonaldtrump does anyone actually read rolling stone anymore ? guess they had to create cont 
 @ gop congress needs to actually defund obamacare not waste time passing nonbinding resolutions
enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success  ? conrad hilton
 @ deborahnorville :  it is sooo hot in new york today just walked past trump tower where the door was open tnx  @ realdonaldtrump thank you d
don't talk about rolling stone magazine but most importantly don't buy it this degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people !
 @ dillsmama13 realdonaldtrump what is your feeling about rolling stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover ? boycott !
 @ cameroon1974 realdonaldtrump so excited to see the trump brand coming to vancouvercanada ! gonna be awesome for our city ! huge welcome
 @ vinnipuncture realdonaldtrump i hope you will include  @ mariasharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming miss universe 2013 in moscow
 @ jacknicklaus has done a great job as the architect of my new golf course at ferry point nyc is very proud !
fun fact for my 2m followers  the 'architect' karl rove blew $400m in the 2012 election with a success rate of 16
mariano rivera is one of top  @ yankees of all time greatest closer of all time a true warrior last night's mvp award welldeserved
 @ prgirl817     way to go  @ realdonaldtrump for the big donation to the  # vauction  thanks
 @ jrmarsy rolling stone is just another dying magazine that sucks !
 @ koneslager    @ realdonaldtrump  just finishing midas touchthank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book thx
 @ dolla1125 it's the sense of achievement along the way
 @ terrell87    @ realdonaldtrump i read your book :  trump 101 the way to success and i absolutely love it thanks good luck !
 @ brikmilleredg you will love it !
 @ owenkopitekavan    @ realdonaldtrump i just finished reading think like a champion i loved it thanks and good luck
 @ j4k9flatley realdonaldtrump can i get a happy 21st birthday wish from you ? huge fan of you and the apprentice
 @ aerith1 piersmorgan  @ realdonaldtrump i will be watching  @ lordsugar tomorrow tell him to keep the money coming my way !
 @ vinnipuncture great idea i will ask her !
 @ rogerrainier :  it seems like  @ realdonaldtrump's  # golf course in scotland is getting great reviews ! i really must go ! 
 @ rogerrainier nathsky good to hear that's what this article says too did you see this ? 
 @ datdudehead realdonaldtrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen  # trump2016  true
 @ flebotomy realdonaldtrump how does this make you feel ?  # boycottrollingstone 
 @ humberto1731 realdonaldtrump give a lot of credit to miguel cabrera too  totally
 @ aatl5112012 realdonaldtrump please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again  # trump4pres
 @ ben24h realdonaldtrump what do you think about mike trout ?  one of best young players ever !
 @ yetanotherday realdonaldtrump now after that home run derby performance who's your pick to win the all star game tonight ? american
 @ clareaurelio realdonaldtrump  @ gamecockmtm1967 run or this country will turn out like ancient rome !  perhaps so not good !
give a lot of credit to carlos beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the cardinalsgreat going carlos !
“he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life”  muhammad ali
 @ iridemarta realdonaldtrump please save our country before its too late ! president trump sounds perfect thanks
 @ aduanepotter do not give upyou will make it !
traitor snowden has requested asylum in russia  why would russia grant it ?  snowden already gave them all the intel he stole !
 @ arceepalabrica  @ realdonaldtrump midas touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed thanks for sharing your knowledge
consumer prices rose in june due to opec 
had a great time on  @ ingrahamangle this morning
i am not available to be in  @ adamcarolla's new movie  # roadhardbitly/roadhardmovie
just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in e hampton my portrait by artist william quigley topped  list at $60k
 @ michaelkaye3 foxandfriends on monday mornings is my favorite because of  @ realdonaldtrump  they are great people !
now arod doesn’t even show up to his singlea rehab games  maybe the  @ yankees will get lucky and  @ mlb will suspend arod
obamacare will cost 3 times as much as obama promised – $26t 
be careful – sexting pervert anthony weiner is upping his campaigning  when will new pictures be released ?
all nyc needs is the mentally unstable elliot spitzer in office again
 @ milescstewart realdonaldtrump finally someone tells it how it is agree with you 100
 @ petey0715 :  love him or hate him you have to admire his genius and candor  @ realdonaldtrump  # keepingitreal  thank you
 @ jbazkmorton realdonaldtrump i find myself respecting you more everyday ! 2016 ?  thank you
 @ jomaraneta realdonaldtrump i'm a small business owner in njnot easy but you inspire me to try harder and be successful thank you
 @ alyonapolishuk realdonaldtrump  @ jamesmattiske brilliant answer ! i think it's the best tweet i have ever read
 @ jaytotheford realdonaldtrump how did you like espn 30/30 on usfl ?  a total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated djt
 @ 7girl2boyperez realdonaldtrump ross perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls mr trump
 @ milfncookies realdonaldtrump i wanna do naughty things to u  emelie behave i am not eliot spitzer
 @ troymeaz realdonaldtrump america is falling apart ! we need you  true and true
 @ sammydc8 realdonaldtrump the donald do you sleep ? ? sincerely oklahoma  not much
 @ shawnwhughes realdonaldtrump  @ barackobama has turned the usa into a laughing stock around the world
 @ pblomgren realdonaldtrump it's late est having a hard time sleeping ? ur zimmerman comment was the most intelligent i've seen yet
 @ fullforce098 realdonaldtrump you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet  great  news  !
 @ jacobdotson :  if you don't follow  @ realdonaldtrump you should probably just go home
 @ domc73 realdonaldtrump how much money do u give to charity every year   lots !
 @ helenpferdehirt :  it truly makes my day to read  @ realdonaldtrump 's tweet responses
 @ scribe53 realdonaldtrump  @ mgifinc agree about rosie sad because she is very talented  actually she has got no talent at allzero !
 @ djdfunk :  can't wait to hear  @ realdonaldtrump speak at the pga jr championship in a couple weeks at his course in washington dc !  great
spitzer failed as ag failed as governor in disgrace and was fired on all tv shows boring and zero ratings and he's at it again !
 @ elianism realdonaldtrump oh my gosh that is so sexist just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks  isn't that terrible !
 @ eepplin carterj1982 is getting married today and he's a huge fan ! can you give him a rt to celebrate ?  @ realdonaldtrump good luck !
perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back ?
 @ mitchwa realdonaldtrump agreed but why are you up so early hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning  correct !
i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th
 @ stingerinc realdonaldtrump would you ever return to toronto ? you're very much respected by all over here including myself great city
 @ adamgenato realdonaldtrump are there plans to bring miss universe in manila philippines soon ?  could happen great place to be !
 @ sergiohed realdonaldtrump hey bring miss universe back to brazil again !  that will happen next up moscownovember 9
 @ stanmorris realdonaldtrump your books especially the art of the deal are masterpieces in business literature i'm a fan sir thanks
 @ umerrizwan2 realdonaldtrump can i get a hello for all the canadians down in ottawa ontario  ?  hello umer you sound like a great guy !
 @ ttmilano :  when they ask me who is your role model ? i proudly tell them its mr  @ realdonaldtrump sir what u have achieved is a dream t
 @ adw5weber realdonaldtrump thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big !  great
 @ jannyp70 realdonaldtrump  @ kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show ur name isn't on the credits ! just profits
 @ ultimatefrieza realdonaldtrump uk's apprentice is so below par sugar is boring to watch watch the us version for the real dealtrump !
 @ misterdeleon realdonaldtrump you are a tough  # sob but you have been a gamechanger for years much respect thank you  !
 @ phoneman98 realdonaldtrump it's time for your  @ wwe return when will you make it happen ?  ask vince we have the all time record !
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump sugar is so untalented !  true but he makes me money !
 @ chriscjackson realdonaldtrump i went to trump scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife after you bet she loved it !
 @ natestuller realdonaldtrump what was your bank account lookin like at age 24 ?  not too great !
 @ robertmacrae :  next time your in scotland can we go knock down some windmills  ?  @ realdonaldtrump  and save the birds !
 @ fraserporteous2 realdonaldtrump i took a drive to trump scotland last week what an incredible course your built good work trump !  t
 @ mikefavreece realdonaldtrump your staff couldn't have been better absolute pleasure thank you  great !
 @ theobm realdonaldtrump managed to play some rounds at your course in scotland possibly the best course i've played great job don
 @ bg9half realdonaldtrump  @ thescotsman played the course in may and it's the best course i've played on incredible and an absolute joy
“real estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth” – think like a billionaire
 @ trumpdoral’s record $200m renovations are on schedule the hotel remains open for guests events and conferences 
 @ iamaashka    thanks it will be great
 @ nikkio realdonaldtrump spitzer thinks since wiener did it  so can he i hope the good citizens of nyc show both the door
 @ lvseven realdonaldtrump we share a birthday june 14 how about a rt for a huge fan and admirer
snowden has given serious information to china and russiaanyone who thinks otherwise is a dope ! he is a traitor who fledhe knew the crime !
derek jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule he's a true  @ yankees captain look forward to seeing him back on the field
“a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both”  dwight d eisenhower
congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on  @ fox news 
great  news  that  @ ehasselbeck will be joining  @ foxandfriends  elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on  @ theviewtv
 @ brewjo32 realdonaldtrump reading the art of the deal again excellent revisit  great !
 @ kikimrizqullah realdonaldtrump who is your inspiration ?   my father !
 @ richharry10 realdonaldtrump i cherish your boldness and confidenceindeed you are a blessing to your generationlove you sir x
 @ joecodling realdonaldtrump your book's doing well in the uk mate   thanks
 @ jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk realdonaldtrump just went on a spree at macy's four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt great stuff love it !
 @ trandusa realdonaldtrump we expect you to have some more investments in turkeyistanbul mr trump  love istanbul !
 @ saskatweet realdonaldtrump how on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane ?  who cares they caused the crash !
 @ realraylong realdonaldtrump :  you know so much about so many things  a true renaissance man  # trumpin2016  so true !    thanks
 @ articmink realdonaldtrump just what i needed to hear love to be a follower of  @ realdonaldtrump you're amazing mr trump !  thanks
 @ sgosper realdonaldtrump  he's a foreign pilot we couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to !  you must be kidding !
 @ newnonny realdonaldtrump um how the hell do you know  because i'm very smart dummy !
 @ ccsaunders realdonaldtrump my dad played the new scotland course today left me a vm put the trump course on your list must play
 @ flyingcolours66   thanks it has been amazing !
the san fran crash was totally the pilot's fault  may be too late for drug testing ridiculous !
what took investigators so long to interview the pilots of asiana san fran crash ?  why no drug tests for pilotsthey were really off
 @ time magazine should definitely pick david pecker to run things over there  he'd make it exciting and win awards !
too bad  @ morningmika did not allow her interview with  @ spitzerfornyc  to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting…
be sure to check out the new projects  @ fundanything 
 @ beaumontanthony realdonaldtrump agree stop have a dig a donaldjtrump and instead  @ alexsalmond is to blame greatest course was built !
 @ sebastienla :  i aspire to be like  @ realdonaldtrump the man is a genius  true but thanks !
 @ jasonmorgan066 realdonaldtrump i'm staying at the trump hotel in vegas this week let me just say it is amazing ! i love it !  thanks !
 @ cougarku realdonaldtrump please run for president mr trump ! the phonies will run the other way !  interesting !
 @ cowpokes6369 realdonaldtrump any word on if celeb apprentice is coming back for 7th season ? please give us the good  news    yes !
 @ vexnerd  i did a great thing for scotland !
 @ lexgates we built perhaps the greatest golf course in the worldbringing business to scotland
 @ drake4444444 realdonaldtrump why don't you invest in the usa since you're the greatest patriot ?  i do big league !
 @ beaumontanthony realdonaldtrump thank you for your investment in the uk mr trump  thank you !
 @ usafclassyguy arseniohall sept 9 2013who will be first ? i am sure  @ realdonaldtrump could be on that list arsenio will choose !
anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman ! congrats to chris
 @ ricardohernang :  just bought  @ realdonaldtrump 's success from macy's and brought it to costa rica fantastic product go get them !
 @ alextallitsch :  i wonder if  @ realdonaldtrump is going to make any more plane crash jokes ? what are you talking abouti never made a joke
 @ mrdannynoonan realdonaldtrump if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it ?   yes !
 @ kormylo realdonaldtrump in my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016  our country needs you !  we sure need somebodyfast !
would seem that plane landed short of runway in san francisco !
just heard that the great golf week magazine named my trump international golf coursescotland the best modern day golf course in the world !
 @ nicko7785 realdonaldtrump  @ trumpsoho amazing time in nyc best city in the world with the best hotel ! u made our trip ! great
 @ therealmlw realdonaldtrump you are such a role model for me ! you're the best mr trump thank you !
 @ thegrumpyhusky realdonaldtrump please run for president america needs you and your leadership i believe you can restore this country !
 @ mikomuhfucka realdonaldtrump doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate  i have great comp'
 @ jaymztyler realdonaldtrump you are awesome and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote  # trump2016  thank you !
 @ julismilesinc realdonaldtrump imagine if we all became masters  @  having fun while getting things done ?
 @ eamyoncanoe realdonaldtrump monnin was given an opportunity i'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot ! true
 @ rcassedy realdonaldtrump im begging please run for president and fix this messand it can be fixed thanks
 @ jmfig realdonaldtrump any prediction if the nyy will be in 1st again ?  no they will not !
 @ inathanmcknight realdonaldtrump was his decision influenced by the no state tax in texas ?  didn't hurt !
 @ debtampa realdonaldtrump you are never wrong ?  never !
 @ kimberlyaroach realdonaldtrump should run for president he'd have my vote  ? ?  thanks
 @ jzxtreme realdonaldtrump donald trump the only man that can be president and make this country turn a profit for once go trump !
 @ gzervs realdonaldtrump why would howard ever want to play for the loser owner cuban  ?  i guess he didn't !
 @ fauxandyluck realdonaldtrump literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started  wrong !
 @ stevemit30 realdonaldtrump everyone knew he was going to houston  bullshit loser most thought lakers or dallas !
dwight howard just signed with houston
 @ dandeloof realdonaldtrump any idea where dwight howard is going ?  he willdo best in houston !
 @ zacharyzermay realdonaldtrump i just find it hilarious how you screwed gaddafi  too bad our country can't do the same !
 @ robstylz :  one of my all time favorite episodes of fresh prince is the one with  @ realdonaldtrump  # classic 
 @ mistressleesa realdonaldtrump  @ asadtmoosvi and if you love what you do it doesn't feel like work !  100 trueit's like a vacation !
 @ asadtmoosvi realdonaldtrump what's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur ?  work hard and love what you donever give up !
 @ mishaforever realdonaldtrump  @ mikedgarrison fuck yeah ! she should have to pay !  she said some really bad and stupid things
 @ john923 realdonaldtrump i agreebut what have you done lately ?  more than ever before !
 @ ninetek  then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron ?
 @ krisztinao realdonaldtrump where we going  if our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control the sharks won't have us to eat !
leaving miamitrump national doral will be great !
 @ towerrecordsprj realdonaldtrump any memory of you and tower records founder russ solomon ? a good guy and fine tenant
 @ josephmcasey :  why would  @ history ever choose  @ realdonaldtrump to discuss the industrial revolution  # facepalm  because they are smart !
our trade deficit just jumped in may to “the secondhighest level on record” 
stop and frisk works  instead of criticizing  @ nypolice chief ray kelly new yorkers should be thanking him for keeping ny safe
nice article on trump links at ferry point in today's new york post  the construction is going really well !
 @ tazzydevil13 realdonaldtrump when will we every catch a break  ?  only with new and smart leadership !
 @ kingjonnie1 realdonaldtrump wish you would host apprentice uk ! be great to see a real business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months !
 @ fastfranky5 realdonaldtrump if u don't run for president who would be ur best next choice   # concerned  lets see how it plays out
 @ kennymacaskill1 realdonaldtrump my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans  # fact2  # kingtrump thanks
 @ tbclem2 realdonaldtrump where will dwight howard sign ? will he join your pal  @ mcuban  the best fit for him would be houston !
 @ maaattyb realdonaldtrump are you in aberdeen just now ? how is the course looking ?  fantastic !
 @ farmcrayzee realdonaldtrump every penny i live in south africa they steal everything and anything !
 @ ljackson78 realdonaldtrump welp mr trump you won't respond to me so i'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than youaren't many !
 @ mike12currin realdonaldtrump how much money did fred leave u to start ur empire ? a small fraction of what i've created and built !
 @ pourquoipas20  good idea will create one
 @ sebuliba forbes :  ugandan mogul ashish thakkar says that donald trump is ignorant about africa wrong if anything it's worse than i say
 @ jeromeister :  really  @ realdonaldtrump are you sure every penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen just 97
 @ kennethsmithmd realdonaldtrump i am a new independent business owner with acn and just watched the interview with darren hardyawesome
“having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice our ego gives us a sense of purpose” – think like a champion
“get in get it done get it done right get out” – my father fred c trump
 @ billmaher has continually degraded  catholic church on the joke he calls a show 
 @ yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping  @ arod to rehab assignment should suspend him until investigation is over
i am honored to be receiving the american spectator foundation award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in washington dc this fall
instead of attacking me ashish j thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing uganda 
 @ jaymztyler i would stop paying him immediately
 @ fvb123 realdonaldtrump you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life  churchill
 @ mm13815 realdonaldtrump here is a novel idea how about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country   perfectly stated !
 @ naterogerthat realdonaldtrump why you hate  @ mcuban so much ?  i don't hate him at all
 @ txpride80 realdonaldtrump what would be better than you buying an nba team and beating cuban's team on a regular basis ?  who cares ?
 @ davidrhythmguit realdonaldtrump  @ chuffman48 mark cuban accepts the fact that the president of the united states was born here doubt it
 @ djgura realdonaldtrump ~ $10bb ? forbes has you at $3bb what gives ? they know nothing about me or my numbers
 @ edmhead realdonaldtrump  @ edandbev lyin ass nigga  why does paula d get destroyed and you can use the n word so freely asshole ?
 @ edandbev realdonaldtrump when do you expect the course to be finished ?  november
 @ cheriecorso realdonaldtrump i wish more people had ur tude  but they don't
 @ justgrind realdonaldtrump how do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent  innocent of whathow many people did they mugg ?
 @ 2p2trollcat realdonaldtrump why do you hate so many people ?  i don't i love people !
 @ rsmithmia realdonaldtrump what's your favorite book ?  trump the art of the deal
 @ newnonny bmorebadboy81  @ realdonaldtrump don't hate him for being successful hate him for being an asshole actually i agree with that
 @ carlosgerboles   wrong made a lot of money in atlantic cityand most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with itlook at stats
 @ newnonny realdonaldtrump  @ sroyboyk prove it and while you're at it prove your alleged iq as well the highest asshole !
 @ catmos0 realdonaldtrump you are a brilliant business man ! the us needs your skills to become great ! trump for president  thank you !
 @ 2ndnatureshh realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on this  @ pauladeen drama ? paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work !
 @ mrsdare realdonaldtrump it breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us ! lets see what happens !
 @ 995mu realdonaldtrump  @ dylanhendlich cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so  # twitter
 @ dylanhendlich :  i don't understand why  @ realdonaldtrump wastes his time with fools on twitter  i don't either i feel sorry for them ?
 @ ryanseanheron realdonaldtrump have you ever contributed anything positive to the world ? making yourself rich  created thousands of jobs
 @ angryjesusrants realdonaldtrump why do you need so much ? change some lives feed some hungry  i do big league !
 @ killngamerjobs   they will mostly vote for dems
situated in the heart of downtown toronto the 65 story  @ trumpto offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle 
another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines unnecessary wastehorrible ! 
 @ volitanlioness realdonaldtrump i don't know donald but he sure has made our government look foolish !  so who hasn't ?
 @ zaranawabzadi realdonaldtrump  @ jahbalon trust me its been a while we saw an american as a president i am for sir donald
 @ toddriddolls realdonaldtrump how do you find the time ? not easy !
 @ sexysback realdonaldtrump we need firm decisive leadership please consider a presidential bid mr trump you are very smart !
 @ jahbalon :  i wouldn't mind  @ realdonaldtrump as president at all just the man we need to get this country going again  thank you !
 @ kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty !
 @ mibrunette  our country needs the same fixup
what a surprise ! newly released audit proves that the irs only targeted tea party groups 
 @ hoffers1 :  just got thru reading time to get tough by  @ realdonaldtrump it's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
china loved obama’s climate change speech yesterday they laughed ! it hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy
 @ danilluhermman   the wharton school of finance is the best !
 @ nstegm realdonaldtrump  # askdonald what are you most proud of in your life ?  my children !
 @ cloverc8 realdonaldtrump that's because you are the don nothing less than perfect  thanksand your baby is beautiful !
 @ blackfridaymgt you can't even spell businessman i use the b laws like buffett kravis icahn zell etc you dopeand learn how to spell
 @ steamjetboomer realdonaldtrump you gotta start blasting weiner everyday til he loses !  a total pervert mayor in nyc would be the end !
 @ sonaderi realdonaldtrump  @ coolchange80 and you're okay with the government spying on you ? must have power to stop terrorists etc
 @ micr0driguez   they gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers  @ macy's
 @ alannawannabe :  say what you want about  @ realdonaldtrump he is a brilliant business man  true !
 @ coolchange80 realdonaldtrump are you really calling for the execution of  # snowden   he is a traitor absolutely others won't follow !
 @ michelle823 realdonaldtrump made in china ! no way ! lead the manufacturing back to usa  ! i am working hard to do so !
 @ keyonmatters :  you are so annoying  @ realdonaldtrump  thank you now get a job !
new and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks @ macy's  check them out !
looking forward to my  @ thefamilyleader summit visit and speech
unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill 
yesterday 15  @ gop senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws
 @ cwbmustang there certainly is plenty of evil
 @ paulcdevlin much better enjoy it !
 @ rbdwalker realdonaldtrump  @ donaldjtrumpjr played trump golf links scotland last week  by far the best course in the world ! thank you
excited and honored to be addressing  @ thefamilyleader summit in iowa this august  
 @ steverickettssp realdonaldtrump does your ego permit you to donate something without requiring that your name be on it ? state's idea !
 @ sufferlonger :  what  @ realdonaldtrump has his own ny state park ? this guy is everywhere ! 
 @ proestateagent realdonaldtrump true ! and you are one of them  a great investor  thank you
receiving the  @ robbreport trophy for best new golf course in the world trump international golf links scotland 
putin says russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—us wants to reduce—are we crazy ?
my people caught the person who committed forgery of the james gandolfiniobama care phoney quote attributed to mefraud arrest coming ?
re negotiation :  trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills they're there for a reason
negotiation is persuasion more than power negotiation includes a lot of fine linesand that's what makes it an art
our debt is about to reach $17t iraq has $20t in oil reserves interesting
“keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying” – midas touch
 @ notthatactor realdonaldtrump it continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success dj but success is the best revenge
 @ lisaluciatesta realdonaldtrump i'm sure you didn't there are a lot of sickos out there !  that's for sure !
 @ dst1015 realdonaldtrump my friend and yours mike san filippo qualified for the us sr open mike is a great playergive him congrats !
i salute all tea party patriots for marching on dc today  stand strong !
great to see  @ sarahpalinusa back on  @ fox news  she's a wonderful woman and commentator
 @ edklein’s book ‘the amateur’ is out in paper back  lots of insights
 @ ldbox realdonaldtrump yes apprentice is better but world needs to see you on shark tank ! !
 @ et614 realdonaldtrump were you listening to cher's new song ?  cher sucks  her song and music in general is terrible !
 @ scumprincess realdonaldtrump is the best person i follow
 @ docshanahan1 realdonaldtrump would love to see you on shark tank great white vs hammerheads  but the apprentice is far better !
amazing comeback by the heat  your friends at your favorite golf club trump national doral are proud of you now for game 7 !
watch the gamereally good
 @ athompson362 :  why did i quit following  @ realdonaldtrump ? twitter is boring without him i'm back for good !  everybody comes back !
the miss universe pageant will be broadcast live from moscow russia on november 9th a big deal that will bring our countries together !
 @ mannymacoo :  i may not agree with some of his politics but  @ realdonaldtrump is a phenomenal business man so true !
 @ jlsmoothh realdonaldtrump i appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime  thank you justin !
 @ peaceloveandmeg :  but when you're in a beauty contest ran by  @ realdonaldtrump  all the contestants are republican bad grammar run
 @ marzanoj realdonaldtrump people think of d.c. real estate king rightly so however u r the marketing king as well thank you
frankly for a writer i don’t think  @ dannyzuker’s stuff is good in fact it’s terrible
trending story on miss utah is very unfair she simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone !  @ missusa   @ missuniverse
my  @ gretawire int on obama scandals not resonating no retribution on benghazi obama not being engaged 
 @ mattseba :  with the endless amount of ties i buy i can say the  @ realdonaldtrump collection is at the top of my list  # quality   thanks
 @ huandarulz realdonaldtrump guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives
 @ onlyonetweet realdonaldtrump hello mr trump long time reader first time tweeter how do i deal with bullies ?  attack or ignore !
 @ dooobieashtray realdonaldtrump acts childish fighting with  @ dannyzuker via internet wrong he started it and i finished ithe's nothing
 @ jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk realdonaldtrump hey donald just want to say i'm a huge fan of your books your a real inspiration thanks !
 @ hellocory :  oh my god the twitter fight between  @ dannyzuck and  @ realdonaldtrump  there is no fight with  @ dannyzuker he is a nobody !
 @ tommyguns11 realdonaldtrump obama arming syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the us ! what would you do ?  stay out !
 @ leodicaprio   come to miss usa tomorrow in las vegaswill be a great evening !
 @ tinkerp91 realdonaldtrump can't wait for monday mornings with mr trump on fox and friends love to hear his opinion agree most times
 @ quicksorter have a good time enjoy this great city
my  @ piersmorgan interview on snowden the traitor national security and china hacking us 
 @ ivankatrump and i are looking forward to visiting vancouver next week  big announcement…
a friend of mine went to  @ cakebossbuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of  @ trumptowerny 
it’s thursday  how much has opec ripped us off today ?
 @ courtneyymorgan :  just saw the old post office in washington dc that  @ realdonaldtrump is planning to turn into a hotel it will be gorgeous
 @ ilory :  whao ! so good to know that i share the same birthday as my mentor  @ realdonaldtrump tomorrow's our birthday ! ! happy birthday !
 @ azdaniel27 realdonaldtrump the penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you  viscountess astor 18791964
 @ gysellalmonte :  i was checking upon  @ realdonaldtrump bio and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday ! i admire the guy thank you !
 @ happiikarii realdonaldtrump why didn't you run for this term ?  i should have i would have won !
 @ matthewpascale :  you have to think anyway so why not think big ?  @ realdonaldtrump  great quote from an experienced leader
 @ teerellz95   you have no chance !
 @ wfdelong   now tell the truth
 @ mikevega4 :  i have to say i fave no idea who  @ dannyzuker is but i know  @ realdonaldtrump is and he has great hotels  # whoiszucker  true
 @ justmenoahb realdonaldtrump please run for president be good to have a real business man in office
 @ whiskeysam99  sam you are so pathetic !
 @ aleksydasexy realdonaldtrump i'd vote for you for president  thank you
 @ kevcur8 realdonaldtrump  @ washtimes  @ emilymiller if anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is ujust do itbuild it they will come
 @ kevcur8 realdonaldtrump ally my arse u exposed them years ago dttime 4 u to get in the gamefor real you have backerstrust me
why isn’t the  @ gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare ?
 @ tonel0c realdonaldtrump is better than  @ dannyzuker in a lot of ways plus donald has 2million more followers than zuker
age wrinkles the body quitting wrinkles the soul  general douglas macarthur
 @ bahuksanamph realdonaldtrump agreed he did the crime now he needs to do the timeface the musictrump for president 2016
 @ arberdoci dannyzuker i think you try and make fun of  @ realdonaldtrump because you're jealous try and compare your career to his
i can't resist hitting lightweight  @ dannyzuker verbally when he starts up because he is justso pathetic and easy stupid !
looking forward to speaking at  @ ralphreed’s  @ faithandfreedom gala dinner on friday in dc his staff has been great !
 @ scottymcd1980 have fun and thanks
 @ dannyzuker danny—let your bosses on modern family lend you the money to play the game  show courage !
 @ dannyzuker you’re starting up again because people have forgotten you you wouldn’t take my bet but it’s cont 
if  @ vattenfallgroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm develo pm ent in aberdeen who is cont 
 @ katherinewebb :  looking forward to  # missusa this weekend in vegas !  great to have our formermiss alabama !
 @ friendbus wgonet  @ realdonaldtrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs  thank you !
 @ ldn1017 katherinewebb  @ realdonaldtrump how come katherine isn't a judge for miss usa ? because she is friends with miss alabama !
“the risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision” – maimonides
 @ azdaniel27 realdonaldtrump a successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him d brinkley
 @ gsgov lordsugar sad it has come to this clown on tv and selling nail clippers online ask  @ realdonaldtrump for a job ?
 @ dardonyc16 realdonaldtrump  @ donaldjtrumpjr hit 4 wood shots to get on that green stunning hole and best course in the world !
shirts and ties are doing great  @ macysthanks !
somerset county new jersey swat team really fantastic people ! 
 @ deluxeboss realdonaldtrump  @ bobbyukip your investment in the uk is welcome thanks for being you  thank you !
 @ vinnypac realdonaldtrump i'll have to go to macy's at tje bridgewater mall in nj and shop on this rainy day have 7 of ur ties luv them
 news stand sales for  @ vanityfair run by sleepy graydon carter are down almost 20 all he cares about are his bad food restaurants !
i'm in scotland getting ready for a major  news  conference on the great dunes of scotland announcing the second north sea course  amazing !
“be flexibly focused focus does not mean being narrowminded or rigid” – think big
 @ tylerhogan1 you could never beat me at golf18 club championships
i've done the largest house sale in us history by selling a palm beach mansion for $100m $60m more than i paid i love real estate
giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding follow  @ fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
this just in re :  fundanything and producer brad wyman 
 @ shelleysherwin  wish your mother a happy birthday
 @ elamenwalker realdonaldtrump seen you speak at charlotte nc acn that was awesome !  thank you a great audience
 @ ncartagena27 realdonaldtrump i'm puerto rican and i agree with this we need to stop trying to be so politically correct
 @ an2nym realdonaldtrump good luck if i had known id have come to shake your hand fab job in aberdeen
 @ dblsolo700  not concerned about themweren't they brutally mugging people in the park ?  go check your facts
sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanicsa tough subjectmust be discussed
according to bill o'reilly 80 of all the shootings in new york city are blacksif you add hispanics that figure goes to 98 1 white
thanks to  @ johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot  @ stjude john was a winner on celebrity apprentice and is a fantastic guy
 @ gohermie realdonaldtrump  @ usopengolf thank you mr trump i appreciate all of the support you have given me i hope you can come watch
congratulations to my head pro of trump international golf club florida john nieporte for qualifying for the us open usopengolf
 @ ronwemma realdonaldtrump played trump national philadelphia yesterday great track challenging but fair keep up the awesome work ! !
 @ tristenheath realdonaldtrump what's the secret to all your success ?  always need good and sound concepts and ideasthen never give up !
26000 sexual assaults in the military last yearway up from previous years armed forces are in total turmoil !
 @ jakecbaum trumpchicago  @ realdonaldtrump i will definitely be there again soon ! save me a nice table with a lovely east view !  : d
 @ sirbraden realdonaldtrump would be the greatest president of all time
 @ smccauley1972 realdonaldtrump played national bedminster today not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service
 @ mandygomez01 realdonaldtrump hi please run for president and make the world a better place thanks
 @ ericfranson  that is true
 @ realdonaldrumpf  oh really weren't they brutally mugging people all over the park ?  and now they are seeking damages  ridiculous !
 @ charleyufarley you mean like buffett kravis icahn paulson and almost all other bigsi never went bankrupt dumb ass !
 @ nicole52008 realdonaldtrump is the man ! he shows you what can happen when you work hard  # livintheamericandream
 @ murphy756 realdonaldtrump i patiently await for mr trump to throw the towel in the ring  ! he will never be beaten by anyone  !
 @ rodmonium91 say hi to your fatherenjoy the tie
 @ d4dufour thank you very nice
 @ sdoocy  @ broray you always look great on tv even without a trump tie !
 @ breitbart news  continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 
pres obama is meeting with china’s pres this week 
 @ cough93 :    @ realdonaldtrump when are one of your courses going to host a major ? that's what often makes them great  2017
 @ jacksmith96 realdonaldtrump played your course today in aberdeen ! amazing best course i've ever seen  thanks
 @ jkoch19koch realdonaldtrump trump chicago is the best hotel in the world sitting in rebar with a fabulous view !  # thankyou
 @ davenanni :  loving the trump in lv service is great best room for the money !500sq/ft great bath and shower tons of closet space
 @ teamsowards :  just had lunch at the trump towers ! classy taste mr trump ! even my son thought it was awesome !
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump maybe shulman is having an affair with someone in the white house he looks a little gay
serious stuffirs commissioner visited white house 157 times far more than sec of state or defense what a big story this is !
 @ heatherchilders   thanks heather and you do a great job on fox !
 @ itskailiebro realdonaldtrump is my role model he's always right  no just most of the time !
 @ marclaurito :  “ @ realdonaldtrump :  young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will !”
one of the many reasons that  @ vattenfallgroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
little mac miller’s next album may bomb  he can’t use my name again for sales
 @ beccapiano realdonaldtrump you look so forceful on you're book cover ! that's what we america's women admire about you
 @ guyendorekaiser realdonaldtrump you are a true american not like some of these others love your macy's ties love your books !thanks
 @ janhaight realdonaldtrump might be a lil late but much respect to you for giving  @ liljon 100g for his charity he'sgreat thanks !
“is business success a natural talent ? i think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck” – think like a champion
military has announced that china has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs china is our enemyshould we offset this on our debt ?
 @ timtebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead  he deserves to be in the  @ nfl
obama wants to unilaterally put a nofly zone in syria to protect al qaeda islamists 
the new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages  it is another monstrosity a la obamacare
i have a surprise for a really special kid on thursday’s episode of  @ katieshow with  @ katiecouric :  
 @ forhomesales realdonaldtrump been a big fan since i read art of deal when i was 22  great !
 @ bethandersonesq :  i would love a tweet back from the uberfamous  @ realdonaldtrump ! how do you do it all often ask myself that same q !
 @ mattcad realdonaldtrump why do so many people despise you ?  because i am so handsome !
 @ tftamt realdonaldtrump your an awesome roll model can you please tweet me back ? thanks
 @ sufferlonger davidfulop realdonaldtrump  work hard and love what you do !  i left corporate became a fireman at 37  great !
 @ bollingsballs   but i know  @ ericbolling and think he would do really welltough smart and a good guy !
“never give up on yourself” – think big
 @ mandcnortheast yes you can for country's good
inflation is here  record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets 
 @ tdragonfly fight hard they are horrible !
john menard of menards home improvement stores in midwest treats employees horribly  should they form a union ?  
who would be stupid enough to invest in  @ vattenfallgroup's illconceived windfarm when it will lose £25m yearly ?
 @ iamgrizzly1974 realdonaldtrump furthermore as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world countrymust stop
 @ ghettotrophy realdonaldtrump how are you a billionaire ?  you mean ten times over hater loser
 @ infinitysedge realdonaldtrump i'm in the billion dollar coalfields and thanks to obama i can't even leave the house i'm so broke
 @ theobm realdonaldtrump i stay up to watch your great apprentice show  miles ahead of sugar's version no comparison !
 @ gangsterdannyg1 realdonaldtrump what was bush and obama's biggest mistake  the lives and $15 trillion spent on iraqwhich is failing
 @ joe10kendrew realdonaldtrump sort out so that the apprentice usa is on bbc again so much better than alan sugar !
 @ msinger456 realdonaldtrump congrats on winning in chicago ! people think they can sue for anything and will pull any card thanks
 @ natestott realdonaldtrump how come you don't like alan sugar donald ?  because he's a lowlife but he makes me money !
 @ gilcharles realdonaldtrump can i get a rt for  @ petsalivewest in ny saving lots of animals
 @ josephkuye realdonaldtrump i genuinely believe that the american apprentice is better than the uk one  very true !
 @ sweetbaboo1968 realdonaldtrump thank you for all you do thank you !
 @ kodycoats realdonaldtrump mr trump what do you believe could truly save this country ?  great leadership !
why is senator john mccain in syria visiting with the rebels make america great again !
 @ bobbysoo80 realdonaldtrump as if you would ever be president ! some of your followers are pure retards ! don't underestimate their genius
 @ mattiacrovini realdonaldtrump what do you think about italy ?  i don't think about italy !
 @ c4662 realdonaldtrump a plus for run at the presidency :  can work w/unions the american spirit is down and out change is needed
 @ alpugh1 realdonaldtrump donald sir played your course on friday and let me tell you this it was spectacular good work !  thanks !
it's 46º really cold and snowing in new york on memorial day  tell the socalled scientists that we want global warming right now !
 @ cokokkola realdonaldtrump has a much higher iq than idiot lord sugar that's why he has much more money !  true on both fronts !
 @ arnoldziffle2 realdonaldtrump i say trump for president can i get a hell yes usa would be the greatest nation on the planet  agaiin 
 @ fabianross realdonaldtrump you think america will be great again ? only with great and proper leadershipotherwise disaster
 @ stshizzle :  i sure wished  @ ac360 would do a live tweet for tweet special on  @ dannyzuker and  @ realdonaldtrump they would get better ratings
 @ chrisinspfld realdonaldtrump if you would run for president you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they'd've voted4u
 @ sonaderi realdonaldtrump you are the sum of everything i despise  who cares !
 @ oldmanconroy :  it's called climate change no they changed it to climate change when global warming wasn't working anymoretoo cold !
 @ dannyzuker :  ok gotta go you're not going anywhere danny you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymoreenjoy your chair !
 @ djbtv :  i hope you folks are following  @ dannyzuker this weekend as he dismantles  @ realdonaldtrump friend of danny sorry he died !
 @ thatbrody realdonaldtrump the  @ sternshow would never have  @ dannyzuker on a not funny enough b not famous enough c hates losers
nation's infrastructure is collapsing make america great again !
it's freezing outside where the hell is global warming ? ?
 @ teresaisthebest itsjenwbitches  @ realdonaldtrump i love you you are hilarious  but what about  @ dannyzuker he gets paid to be funny ?
 @ mikemccabesad realdonaldtrump  @ dannyzuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost  true danny is a known loser !
 @ juicetucker realdonaldtrump give them hell don ! they're just jealous !  stupid is an even better word
 @ jimhendley81 realdonaldtrump hey donald i always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter can't live without me !
 @ 0unicornchris0 realdonaldtrump please please run for president  well it ain't working with obama !
 @ satyronline realdonaldtrump let me ask you something :  do you think henry ford or steve jobs got into twitter pissing matches would have
 @ realsonnynewman realdonaldtrump wins  @ dannyzuker is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser mr trump you are a role model
 @ dannyzuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me i'll kick your ass every timetake the bet danny check with mf boss
 @ pennjillette ctwilki  @ realdonaldtrump well thanks so much  penn it was great having you terrific job !
 @ nandinigodara realdonaldtrump real name real dp real location bring it  but nobody cares about you not even your family !
 @ raybongz :  rt  @ realdonaldtrump :  it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification say it again !
 @ maxvayner realdonaldtrump ? do you have the guts to debate jon stewart ?  he would never do it he couldn't use his writers
 @ chixbeach realdonaldtrump  @ matteo5anchez mr trump why do you engage these dumb ass people ? you're so much better then any of them ! fun !
 @ rustinniles realdonaldtrump i hear ya mr trump but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face a pointless endeavor
 @ bvogel56   i never went bankrupt  just like buffett icahn kravis and paulson  as you know !
 @ torresterrell realdonaldtrump whoawhat are they so mad about ?  # keepcalm  don't worry it's just the same old losers and haters !
 @ matteo5anchez realdonaldtrump shut up u stuck up cock ! hope u lose ur cash and get run over  too smart to lose the cashrun over maybe
 @ gavincoffin realdonaldtrump ca is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful modern family on abc  @ dannyzuk
 @ pennjillette lemrmike yes i loved loved loved doing  @ realdonaldtrump show i loved it all every minute i'd do it again
 @ kosstar dannyzuker  @ realdonaldtrump did we ever get to the details of the deal ?  no danny doesn't have the guts to play the game
 @ pusspuss09   thanks country is in trouble
 @ erinamunson realdonaldtrump sir we need an efficient government and i'm sure as a businessman you're great at it   true !
 @ kevinsmoore realdonaldtrump says exactly what he thinks lol this is one of the reasons i follow this man ! he's the best !  thanks k
 @ germany28364 realdonaldtrump you are awesome ! run for president  well we sure do need someone to lead  washington is a mess !
 @ dannyzuker  @ andyrichter danny you're not having fun you are getting your ass kicked  afraid to make the deal ?
 @ dannyzuker come on danny are u afraid of the deal be careful i'm really good at deals
 @ dannyzuker bigger means bigger dummy you really are stupid aren't you !
 @ dannyzuker another racist remark by you danny are you a racist ?
i was just told by a television pro thay  @ dannyzucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the businesshe's obsessed with tso many flops !
 @ aaronrupe33 realdonaldtrump no ones scared of you donald  you are very wrong !
 @ julesmattsson   wrong totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this country suck !
 @ maasmaaswhatup :  nobody does the twitter thing quite like  @ realdonaldtrump that man engages his critics like nobody i've seen before  t
 @ a11seeingeye realdonaldtrump  @ dam615 does an iq of 60 count as being smart ? no sadly you are very dumbbut probably born that way
 @ maf realdonaldtrump thank you for all you do for the  # troops ! may god bless all of our  # veterans this memorial day ! thanks
 @ brandongersh realdonaldtrump why did you go to wharton did you not get into harvard ?  wharton is better for business than harvard !
 @ dam615 realdonaldtrump yes you're a republican and smart now that's what we need to run this country ! we sure need better than current
 @ jojo81466 realdonaldtrump born on flag day ? ? see you were meant to be president !  i guess that'sright !
the biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantagewarren b icahn kravis and this week john paulsonfor haters !
 @ eawiii realdonaldtrump it will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen !great weekend !
looking forward to being guest of honor at  @ ralphreed's  @ ffcoalition patriot gala dinner on june 14th in dc flag day and my birthday
let's see whether or not chuck townsend  @ condenastcorp is smart enough to fire graydon carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants
mrs goldberg who filed the chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving womanloved beating her
 @ rossweidner thank you ! i think
 @ arkielad in addition to ripping me off
 @ jgy777ph thanks joannah they are sad and lost people
 @ johns81366 realdonaldtrump mr trump even though i'm not a republican i wrote your name on my ballot during the election a wise move
 @ forq2 realdonaldtrump she trusted you her mistake you beat her out of her 500k she was mean and trusted noone you're easy to beat !
 @ sonnset forq2  @ realdonaldtrump she should sue her attorneys they knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract
 @ darjar14 realdonaldtrump congrats mr trump frivolous lawsuits are a big problem in this country and issue should be addressed
take a sneak peek into one of trump park avenue's most exclusive residences on the market 
 @ kenkelly08kelly  thanks i had a great time
 @ realsonnynewman  pay attention and have fun
 @ a380jet realdonaldtrump anthony wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be mayor ? ? ?
 @ jcaavs realdonaldtrump as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016 i'd love to make u my 1st vote run for president !  so cute and nice
 @ asaadhutchinson realdonaldtrump how do you deal with haters ?  laugh at them !
 @ gshuba realdonaldtrump windmills not worth the trouble worse for the planet than oil carbon et al  true !
 @ libbygaj realdonaldtrump please run for president in 2016 i will vote for you hands down  our country needs help and fast !
 @ mc21701 realdonaldtrump  @ jefflip is it true that it was your idea for steve to name his company wynn or is that urban legend ?i helped
 @ sanfangas realdonaldtrump apparently you think you're funnier as well @ realcoachhodge  actually i do and i don't have writers !
 @ realcoachhodge realdonaldtrump has a much higher iq than idiot john stewart   that's true and by a lot
 @ jefflip realdonaldtrump what's your beef with stevie wynn ? i have none he is a friend of mine !
 @ gurningchimp realdonaldtrump  @ bluejoni no you hate wind power as you think it'll mess with your golf course that's true also !
 @ dmacduff11 realdonaldtrump what do you think of mac miller ? went platinum with donald trump song 80 million hits without my approval !
 @ rassilonsarmy not even close dummy he is strictly small time
 @ vanityfair could come back if graydon carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants  @ condenastcorp
if the great si newhouse were still running  @ condenastcorp he would fire graydon carter immediately circulation tanking
  @  news maxmedia is one of the top media outlets in the country  @ chrisruddynmx has revolutionized political commentary and reporting
graydon carter is laughing at the stupidity of chuck townsend on his contract renewal even he doesn't believe it !  @ condenastcorp
very sad that republican donors were targeted by obama’s irs
isn’t it amazing that obama “never knew” about the irs scandals until he saw it in the  news  ? !
shock  obama wh given three pinocchios for lying about benghazi emails 
 @ kingbowzer realdonaldtrump you're a huge douche for picking penn i hope you retweet this   i picked trace not penn  are you drugged
 @ jessicacarwile realdonaldtrump  @ traceadkins we are so grateful for the red cross in ok today ! thank you to trace and to mr trump !
good timing traceadkins won big for american red cross last night on  @ apprenticenbc now the red cross is in oklahoma doing a great job
 @ divermam realdonaldtrump i just saw the finale your act of kindness was total class i've been a fan but i now love you mr trump
 @ 13crazyjwd realdonaldtrump still in awe of what u did for lil jon  best night of good tv in years god bless
 @ pcornibe realdonaldtrump you are a genuine compassionate man loved the show last night thanks peggy
 @ psthaler realdonaldtrump dont agree with your politics but respect your heart great gift to lil john well done sir i undetstand t
 @ mral131 :  was glued to @ apprenticenbc all season one of my favourites  @ realdonaldtrump great ending amazing show ! thx sir  thank you
 @ borich1970 realdonaldtrump congrats on raising $13 million total for charity best live finale ever ! looking forward to next season
 @ mssamanatha realdonaldtrump sir you just made me cry when you gave  @ liljon that 100000 that is why u rock ! thanks the show was fun !
 @ bigicedaddy realdonaldtrump congratulations mr trump on the best celebrity apprentice yet you did a remarkable job as always thsnks
 @ kingofgames3000 realdonaldtrump the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king cute
ivanka and joan rivers will be working hard tonight at the live finale  everybody must watch the opening at 9
 @ subirchowdhury   how are you  $55 million a bargain
 @ redcoatoverkil realdonaldtrump but his hair is real !  so is mine asshole !
 @ bvmike realdonaldtrump something big and different tonight ? are you going to fire penn and trace crown yourself the apprentice ?
 @ johncandy realdonaldtrump shut up he's a lord what are you  ?  i've always heard that titles can be easily boughtis this so ?
 @ toddfouche1    on that i would beat almost everyone !
 @ gregeiom only in your weak mind !
 @ subhanaanwar   it's easy just think of haters as losers withlittle imagination and even less understanding of successand very lazy !
 @ casshorowitz realdonaldtrump im from england and you're way better then that alan sugarwhoever he is
 @ sallylawson realdonaldtrump love the phrase the harder i work the luckier i get great book donald
 @ dslagle132 realdonaldtrump there should be an all star nba notattoo teamwould there be anyone available ?
 @ jedediahbila  tell your aunt she is terrific !
 @ piersmorgan :  bob costas is one of the smartest people i've interviewed  # cnn  but you told me i was the smartest by far !
 @ funnsylvania :  when is  @ realdonaldtrump going to finally get his own talk show ? he would absolutely destroy the competition !  thankstime !
celebrity apprentice will be live on sunday at 9  pm  from new york citycasting has already begun for next season
 @ dstrick44 realdonaldtrump  @ ricksmi54256322 you did run and you had your ass handed you never ran stupid but i wish i hadwould have w
america's top army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet controlforces greatly hurt !
 @ icyjordan realdonaldtrump do you like lebron as a player and person ?  @ kingjames  lebron is a great player and a great guy !
 @ jakeklopp24 realdonaldtrump what's it like to be donald trump ?  believe it or not it ain't easy !
 @ chrisleahey1 realdonaldtrump do you see president obama surviving these scandals  ?  sadly yes but he will never be the same !
 @ meagann :  and  @ realdonaldtrump reminds me of my grandpa the smartest man i know  wow great !
 @ mikemessina realdonaldtrump needs to run for president ! he would be the best leader !  thanks mike
 @ lcbeaudoin   big second amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine
 @ joeypiazza   way less  and you are soooo stupid !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump is that zuker character still giving u a hard time ? he isn't qualified to shine your shoes ! another dope !
 @ mzinvestigator :  great way to almost end the week tv night on the deck with my fav simply red trump wine  @ trumpwinery  @ erictrump true !
 @ dylmyr  go for it
“the most terrifying words in the english language are :  i'm from the government and i'm here to help” – pres ronald reagan
obamacare is already done hhs sec sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation 
 @ brianspurr not too many around !
 @ polotodd804  this is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries i have ever seen filmmaker mike tollin has zero talentalsoboring
 @ birchtrees47 realdonaldtrump cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office  trueand no stupidity !
 @ jsalzinger realdonaldtrump saw some of your testimony today you ran circles around the prosecutor !  thanks
 @ kilobunch realdonaldtrump much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious sob out there and i think you're great !  wow !
 @ nycbos realdonaldtrump  when are you going to announce your bid for 2016 ? ?  thanks for your nice thoughtsour country is a mess !
 @ andybarovick   really terrible and a sad day for our country !
not since watergate have we been going thru a time like thisbenghazi irs wiretapping of  @ ap
“circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power”  benjamin disraeli
32º in new york  it's freezing ! where the hell is global warming when you need it ?
 @ hankdhaney realdonaldtrump it's great to have u in the game of golf ur courses r all great first class operations in great condition
 @ liljon once again made it to the final four a true talent and great friend to  # celebapprentice  @ apprenticenbc great job !
“never judge someone by their job title you’d be surprised at the talents people can have” – midas touch
 @ tigerwoods great playing you are the best !
 @ pellman11 realdonaldtrump my mother has such a crush on you she beat breast cancer this past year can i request a rt for my herolove
 @ crcalderwood1 realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on sergio ?  a great guy !
 @ jurciuoli19 realdonaldtrump please say it isn't so and apprentice is not cancelled  thanks and sleep well tonight !
 @ cunninghamny :    @ realdonaldtrump clearly needs to run for president ! don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him !
you will love celebrity apprentice tonight  9  pm  on nbc must watch from beginning  two early firings !
two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale don't get angry at me tonight !
 @ royschuhmacher samahdanash i own a fitness business all over the the bay area on ca so  @ realdonaldtrump has been a huge motivator
 @ brock2120 sethmeyers your first guest has to be  @ realdonaldtrump would be epic !   first guest for what ?
 @ chrisl54 sportsguru77  @ tweetontilt  @ realdonaldtrump  @ mcuban if you real art of the deal you'd know that donald did it all on his own
 @ samahdanash :  think big is the most amazing book i have ever read  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ samahdanash :  every time i read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life think big  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ tonychalk1 realdonaldtrump is a role model for how to be successful i've been a fan since art of the dealcame out in paperback
 @ chrisl54    thanks chris  they know the real facts but don't choose to use themvery dishonest !
 @ j4k9flatley realdonaldtrump i have turned family and friends into  # apprentice fans nothing better
 @ seanheilweil realdonaldtrump damn you really like getting  @ mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh ? he doesn't have the strength !
 @ damiranz realdonaldtrump  i'm a big fan but sometimes you just need to shut upyou talk too much  probably true but i'm having fun !
 @ therealryanmatt realdonaldtrump i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser ?  no just a loser !
 @ mikeluis93 mark cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing t shirts no strength !
 @ lordsugar can't hold acandle to donaldtrump  he is a laughing stock in great britain but his show pays me lots of money so i'm happy
the apprentice on the other hand has been a major television hit often times finishing  # 1 even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot !
 @ maxvayner  your man little jon s ? can't win he's not smart enough or quick enough !
 @ caaataclysm   little jon stewart ? is a pussy he would be hopeless in a debate with me !
 @ maxvayner stewart  ? wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me he's totally overrated  not fast enough or smart enough !
 @ mplem realdonaldtrump  @ lord do you ever take the high road ? when i'm dealing with garbage like  @ lord sugar no !
 @ jshawknz :  the only thing i ever watch on tv is  @ realdonaldtrump 's all star celebrity apprentice  # truestory
leightweight  @ lord sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him every time this dope goes on apprentice i make moneytoo easy
“it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer”  albert einstein
 @ grtblankenship realdonaldtrump is definitely the best personality i follow on twitter inspiration and role model all together !
 @ jaybags9 realdonaldtrump just been walking behind you boss ! liking the golf course and hotel in general !  # miami  # doral  will be great !
 @ limbaugh is right watergate is much different than benghazi no one died in watergate
“the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said”  peter drucker
sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision it isn't pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree
 @ chrisnima realdonaldtrump would you rather have a 3rd obama term or make out with rosie ? ?  i'll take the third term !
 @ samflaherty realdonaldtrump i'd bet my life savings obama has a higher iq than you  you would lose !
 @ joshrosenfield realdonaldtrump and yet he refuses to release his iq results to the public what are you hiding mr trump ask obama !
a warren buffett corp is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy likewise icahn kravis apollo and many others have played the gamethanks !
 @ bagshotrow realdonaldtrump which internet test told you this i would like to match wits with the trumpster  you wouldn't have a chance !
 @ madamsuzette realdonaldtrump u were right jodi arias should have listened to u  thanks but i'm glad she didn't
 @ menacesocietyut   little jon stewart ? is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it ! don't panic jon
 @ dlayphoto realdonaldtrump is that why you’ve filed for bankruptcy numerous times ? i never filed for bankruptcy asshole !
 @ jeremypage3011 mark cuban can't beat me at anything he is one of many on shark tank and apprentice has been a much much bigger show !
 @ 2go2there realdonaldtrump remember that one time you came to  @ libertyu  ? that was cool of you  thanks !  i loved it  great school !
 @ njwinegeek realdonaldtrump but jon stewart has a much higher iq  wrong jon stewart ? is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower iq
 @ hotair25159 realdonaldtrump lol justice for travis   it shows that the legal system is still intactgood  news  !
scary our military is a using a chinese made satellite for north africa command communications 
residential capital a company in which warren buffett is involved went bankrupt  but that doesn't mean that warren buffett went bankrupt !
i'm giving away money ! 11am trump tower be there or be left behind !
 @ sportswalnuts   and jon stewart ? is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing !
 @ rosannascotto :  why are you giving away money this am  @ realdonaldtrump  ?  because so many people need help !
 @ calikal69 realdonaldtrump what do you think of  @ billmaher don't think of bill maher  and nobody else does either
 @ markdrucker1 realdonaldtrump i wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down i only tear down losers
 @ jgarrett214 prayahater realdonaldtrump go on his show and teach him how its done ! no joke writers  he is soft and easy
 @ chriscjackson realdonaldtrump i'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second sorry noone else can satisfy her !
 @ gdelag realdonaldtrump  @ rodmonium91 just ck how many followers have each follower  but i notice you follow loserboredom without trump !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 21mil followers ?  noi'm too cheap !
 @ suzmo816 realdonaldtrump she could share an apartment with casey anthony !  very witty but not very funny !
 @ joshis :  super happy to  # unsubscribe  @ realdonaldtrump now that his asinine election antics are over then don't talk do it asshole !
 @ sherlock1313 realdonaldtrump is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at ?  no absolutely nothing !
 @ heaveenly realdonaldtrump how does it feel to have 21 million followers  greatlike owning the new york times without the lo$$es ! 
 @ troymoe1 realdonaldtrump mark sanford just won his house seat back so maybe jodi can run against hillary in 2016
 @ nickbrinley realdonaldtrump if they're unreported how do you know there's 26000 of them ?  reported tonight by all major  news casts
 @ freshentertain realdonaldtrump do you ever go to the isle of lewis ?  yes great placemy wonderful mother was born there !
 @ tweestweets realdonaldtrump do people ever call you donny ?  yes
 @ artlab realdonaldtrump still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing  you must be kidding joker !
“mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them”  bruce lee
trump  @ doralresort’s renovations are on schedule  with such a massive project underway i am watching closely
the economy is broken entrepreneurship is being suppressed see what i do wednesday 11 am at trump tower atrium
tired of being bullied by the economy ? i'm going to help people wednesday 11 am at trump tower
 @ lisarinna is the last lady standing in all star celebrity  @ apprenticenbc watch out men she’s sharp and tough
 @ therealmarilu was very impressive and is a great person the all star celebrity  @ apprenticenbc viewers loved her
enjoy celebrity apprentice tonight at 9  a really great episode !
as i’ve said many times before jon stewart  @ thedailyshow is highly overrated
what’s funny about the name “fkface von clownstick”  it was not coined by jon leibowitz he stole it from some moron on twitter
 @ wolfrum goangelo remember when  @ realdonaldtrump was going to sue you ?  i can't sue himmy shirts and ties are doing great at macy's !
 @ danproctor11 :  i may strongly disagree with  @ realdonaldtrump's politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt  at a great price at macy's
 @ harrietbaldwin realdonaldtrump  @ deedeegop what happened to turn the other cheek ?  sorry not a believer !
 @ pzarrella21 realdonaldtrump i don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis  # getalife losers !
 @ angelkakes realdonaldtrump love you need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in  @ whitehouse  # failed thanks !
turn to qvc now to watch melania  really good stuff !
obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000 
my wife melania will be on  @ qvc today  @  5  pm  selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price perfect for mother’s day—call in !
jodi if you're listening make a deal !
 @ anthonyeding :  no doubt the  @ realdonaldtrump would have been a better president than obama   true !
 @ hdiallo   why do you follow me creepy stalker ?
 @ johnquinsay   when you get bored with others you'll be back and don't hurry
 @ misterespinal :  you see this man right here has me as his number one fan forever ! inspirational real a success !  @ realdonaldtrump thanks
 @ patrickmendeznv   great idea  did you see their list a joke !
just took a look at time magazinelooks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot ! the sad end is comingjust like  news week !
 @ drake4444444    i never knew but thanks for the compliment !
 @ neviahm  a totally one sided documentary why weren't the police detectives and prosecutors interviewed ? city should not settle this case
 @ shiveringgoat realdonaldtrump these poor guys were proven innocent !  oh really  weren't these poor guys mugging other people in park ?
“don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back” – babe ruth
trump making gop speech — is 2016 in the cards ? 
upstate new york is suffering with record unemployment fracking is the answer frack now and frack fast !
see story in the scotsman re :  wind turbines 
wow i just found out that in a major poll of its readers the  @ newyorkobserver  voted me  # 1 on the power 100 list in ny
 i disagree but it's still cool
snow and freezing weather all over midsection of country global warming specialists better start thinking fast !
 @ dcgiesii :  maybe  @ realdonaldtrump was right about his course being better than quail hollow  trump nationalcharlotte is better than qh
 @ tmplusii realdonaldtrump thanks for buying doral ! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece hope to play it one dayyes !
 @ tmplusii realdonaldtrump thanks for buying doral ! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece hope to play it one day
 @ steveturk182 realdonaldtrump what is your favorite book that you have authored ?  art of the deal !
 @ jamescoleman07 realdonaldtrump thank you for being an inspiration for people like me ! you define success ! thank you !   very nicethanks
 @ joemangieri :  going to  @ macys this weekend to get  @ realdonaldtrump ties ! what's your favorite color mr trump ?  blue but all are great !
 @ jwalkerkid realdonaldtrump it's amazing how you keep your success going this far keep it up  !  thanks !
 @ koos32 realdonaldtrump congrats on all your success ! you are a great role model !   thanks !
 @ angryjustint realdonaldtrump is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs !  thanks justin and work hard !
 @ elewie1994 realdonaldtrump ever going to return to wwe and have your $$$ fall down from the sky ?  up to vince m
 @ gharo34 realdonaldtrump not only is your iq somewhere between barack obama and gwbushbut you're entertaining !much higher than both
 @ stilesdub    @ liljon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all !
 @ deannaspillyard realdonaldtrump you are a very wise man mr t ! love your tweets  thanks
 @ tdudz5 realdonaldtrump  @ liljon  @ apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy !t  that is true !
once again  @ liljon has competed at a very high level on celebrity all star  @ apprenticenbc he is a great competitor
1/5 households is on food stamps 
 @ bridgetgonzale3 realdonaldtrump i mean seriously come on donald trump is the coolest guy ever  thanks but easy against the losers !
 @ puremanhattan dannyzuker  @ realdonaldtrump id rather support the don than some clown just saying danny you are a clownyes and loser !
 @ massergio realdonaldtrump that punk's jealous of ya mr trump  @ dannyzuker is not worth the time of day ! he prolly wants media attntrue !
 @ tdudz5 realdonaldtrump  @ neddust when will people wake up and realize trump was one of bush's biggest critics ! blind people !  true !
 @ mierz1824 realdonaldtrump have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone ?  no !
 @ jtanfromott realdonaldtrump would ever have a loser like  @ dannyzuker on the apprentice ? his stupidity could be funny interesting !
 @ bdbender1 realdonaldtrump it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in iowa  destroying our farmland and wildlife
 @ horse75 realdonaldtrump real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so  all politicswindfarms are in big troublei will win !
 @ shillelagh2 realdonaldtrump  @ tomspiglanin  @ trumpnationalla if its good enough for the donald it should be ok for me directly on pacific
 @ omgguy18    wrong screen is too smallsamsung size is better
 @ nnnmrk realdonaldtrump you need to write another time to get tough book it'll be another new york times best seller good idea !
 @ danielrobinsmd    @ lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know ithis show is a critical and ratings disaster !
photo from a recent episode of  @ apprenticenbc  saying those two famous words ! 
i just sent  @ thegarybusey a check of $20000 for his charity children's kawasaki disease  he worked hard and deserves it
 @ dannyzuker i hear your filmography is stacked with failures
the  white house correspondents' dinner was so boring this year i guess that’s because i didn’t attendeven 
did you agree with my decision ?  # celebapprentice
do you agree with the client's decision ?  # celebapprentice
maybe  @ thegarybusey should stick to words vs barking he’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it  # celebapprentice
boardroom time which team do you think had the best presentation ?  # celebapprentice
what did you think of  @ thegarybusey's mechanical dog idea ?
 @ thegarybusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team do you think so ?  # celebapprentice
looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog  @ thegarybusey has latched on and won’t let go  # celebapprentice
do you think  @ thegarybusey will be able to “step up” as  pm  ?  i know  @ lisarinna is hoping so  # celebapprentice
we have the final six—and  @ liljon is the last remaining member of team power he’s done a great job  # celebapprentice
 @ mlnluis thegarybusey  @ realdonaldtrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice your great  so are you !
 @ joan rivers comes back in a big way tonight on celebrity apprentice  she is fantastic  9 on nbc
 @ verniceblahblah realdonaldtrump trump hotels are the best  i agree and thanks !
 @ byrneman realdonaldtrump bought a trump shirt for a wedding i went to last fall i looked awesome  i'll bet you did !
 @ lucysmommichele realdonaldtrump gary busey cracks me up ! he definitely has a different outlook on life ! thanks for the apprentice ! nice
 @ salesdan48 realdonaldtrump wake up donald the world is awaiting your wisdom   i know such a burden
 @ gauravk725 forq2  @ realdonaldtrump look at the factsthose millions were made into billions by mr trump and its still growing ! true !
 @ mirandakroughh realdonaldtrump i love you and i think you're funny  sooooo sweet thanks !
 @ thisnbagirl realdonaldtrump are you still scared of  @ mcuban trump ?  nobody is scared of markhe is a short ball hitter !
 @ janiesears realdonaldtrump one day i will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream and become big !  great going janie !
 @ snarfguard realdonaldtrump is responding so i remember meeting him when i was a valet at  # trump national in nj before it opened wow
 @ mustardtiger33 realdonaldtrump  hey mr trump do you like canada ? ? love canada and its people !
 @ thesalsortino realdonaldtrump can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model !  hello sal
 @ firephoto67 realdonaldtrump big fan mr trump always have been keep up the good work  thanks woody !
 @ danscavino danyou are a great guy with a great familyamazing future !
 @ gretawirei'll be doing on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10  pm  greta is a terrific person who really gets it !  fox
 @ katietennis1223 thanks everyone loves it
 @ alanashe no they have no guts
“when you expect things to happen  strangely enough  they do happen”  j p morgan
 @ whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures 
pervert alert ! serial sexter  @ anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a “tool” parentsmake sure your children have him blocked
 # tbt do you believe once upon a time jon stewart really liked me ? from 2004 
 @ mschrock4 i never went bankrupt you dope !
 @ debonairo that is true !
what is wrong with this story ? isn’t this just ridiculous ? terrible !  # kathyboudin
and now holds an adjunct professorship at columbia university boudin also received an academic laurel from nyu law school
 @ asanders836 realdonaldtrump what would you feel about jeb bush running for president in 2016 ? the last thing we need is another bush !
 @ davecentrist realdonaldtrump the most overrated person on the planet donald j trump except by himself why do you follow loser ?
 @ pokerswayne  wrong on all counts dopeyyou forgot to say taller than me !
 @ thesportsswede you are so stupid !
 @ daytradersfx  that is true
 @ tatorjuice   wow so nice ! thanks i wish i could have met him
 @ jamie461 realdonaldtrump  @ thedailyshow looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh he wouldn't have a chance !
 @ nearbatman realdonaldtrump you are my favourite ! someday u could be prez how about a rt good luck
 @ jeffruben1 realdonaldtrump i hear the billions calling my name you'll be hearing about me in a few years  # waterturbinetopower great !
 @ raiderlevel realdonaldtrump is one of my role models thanks !
 @ maffucci93 realdonaldtrump up nice and early cuz money never sleeps !  that's great  go get 'em !
 @ vattenfallgroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in aberdeen
 @ vattenfallgroup  had no answers at demonstration last night it’s a failing company aberdeen windmills will destroy it
the entire village of blackdog in scotland protested to the council last night about the ugly windmills  @ alexsalmond  @ pressjournal
“the aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through”   steve jobs
can someone explain to me how a chechnyan permanent resident noncitizen in our country is planning jihad while on welfare ?
i promise you that i'm much smarter than jonathan leibowitz  i mean jon stewart  @ thedailyshow who by the way is totally overrated
 @ cindykempl realdonaldtrump  :  mr trump i personally enjoy your tweets ! some are very informative ! thank you for your words of wisdom !
 @ tsheppe realdonaldtrump i have on the sharpest blue trump tie on today going to win !   go get 'em !
 @ teamackmann :  i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing  @ realdonaldtrump and following mac milleryou'll be bored and back very fast !
 @ mimekiller realdonaldtrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike tyson ? oh i guess i'm not a racist !
 @ wlynton realdonaldtrump why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you ? they make me feel even smarternot worth the effort !
 @ coolboybrand realdonaldtrump they were wildin they were creating a nuisanceand they were viciously attacking and robbing people ?
 @ mtomassetti22 realdonaldtrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired ? no but they should state the true factsno angels !
 @ bostonred realdonaldtrump where is the evidence  ? all over the place !
 @ funfoy realdonaldtrump didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime ? yes but they committed other attacks !
 @ rebeccaerin   they were viciously attacking other people in the parknice guys ?
 @ britonian realdonaldtrump lol ur delusional he's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig ! wrong dummynocontest !
 @ jenil93 realdonaldtrump no melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted on the contrary increased ice in antarctica
 @ carolbell04 realdonaldtrump this season of the appentance is great   thanks !
 @ massergio realdonaldtrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back ! that won't happen without new leadership !
 @ ellamaebe realdonaldtrump  @ 11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice i would die without it !  and so would others !
 @ backupwraith :  i firmly believe that  @ realdonaldtrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter that is alla great compliment !
 @ supadupanycee realdonaldtrump but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children  who were brutally attacking people in park !
the central park five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain thehorrific crimes of these young men while in park
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factoriesbut they sell us the equi pm ent to clean up ours !
 @ helmjoshua   wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home lot's of chicken soup howeverbird kill
 @ jonfullerton   no the chinese will make them !
 @ lracsamoht realdonaldtrump  and now ur an expert on gun control  is there anything ur not an expert on ?   no !
it was great to have  @ apprenticenbc veterans george ross and  @ bretmichaels back in the boardroom 
will  @ anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads ?
sexting pervert  @ anthonyweiner has returned to twitter parents of all underage girls should block him immediately !
 @ alexsalmond don’t worry my ad will be shown across the worldand it is highly accurate !
i’ve always been a fan of steve jobs especially after watching apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly
it’s freezing in new york—where the hell is global warming ?
 @ lantern153 realdonaldtrump i'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states you are nuts !
“attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference”  winston churchill
our enemy china is illegally buying oil from our enemy iran 
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights ?
 @ thegarybusey survives another week of all star celebrity  @ apprenticenbc gary is shifty and playing to win
 @ brandenroderick did a great job on all star celebrity  @ apprenticenbc  raised a lot of money for charity while looking great
spent the weekend in la checking out trump national golf club on the pacific ocean an amazing place !  
 @ tdudz5 realdonaldtrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter twitter was invented for trump ! thanks very nice !
 @ clutchba11er realdonaldtrump i know you wear mainly brioni ties that's wrong i wear trump ties that are sold at macy's
 @ doctortrey realdonaldtrump i say if obama is so set on universal background checks we run a background check on him very interesting
 @ shootar401 realdonaldtrump you need to run for president and get this country back on the right track ! trump 2016  thank you !
 @ angrycrank realdonaldtrump you are a terrible human being  that's only because you don't know me !
my ties and shirts are doing very big numbers  @ macy's beyond my wildest thoughts ! thanks  @ goangelo and the rest of the losers for mentions !
george also appeared on saturday night live when i was guest host in 2004 a great time !  # celebapprentice
george ross and i have done some great real estate deals together he’s a tough negotiator  # celebapprentice
romance or adventure what do you prefer ?  # celebapprentice
for you newcomers george ross was one of my first advisors on the original apprentice  # celebapprentice
“george has a real twinkle about him” says  @ therealmarilu really ? the shark should be scared  # celebapprentice
this assignment has been a challenge to both teams  # celebapprentice
this assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of  @ lisarinna and  @ pennjillette  # celebapprentice
george ross could be right— @ thegarybusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task  # celebapprentice
 @ thegarybusey is making no attempt to help is he in buseyland ? their team is short on help already…  # celebapprentice
everybody loves  @ bretmichaels ! he’s a great champion and this is where he should be he agrees !
 @ bretmichaels and george ross are back as advisors good to see them !  # celebapprentice
seems like the teams are surprised when  @ thegarybusey comes back  # celebapprentice
don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 pm you will love it !
great sportscaster al michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on saturday morning at trump national la he was in perfect shape !
no mercy to terrorists you dumb bastards !
watch gary b tonight on celebrity apprenticesome really crazy things happen !
 @ ajbarker50 realdonaldtrump do you try to make everything about you ?  yes !
 @ joetran19 realdonaldtrump how do u feel about marco rubio ?  drinks too much water !
 @ djmikelny realdonaldtrump mr trump ? how can people hate such a brilliant person ?  it is hard to believe isn't it ! thanks
 @ cheban42 realdonaldtrump how did u feel bout mitt ? ?  very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters !
 @ tcorbitt20 realdonaldtrump don't forget george w bush too it's all his fault no republican hit bush as hard as i did !
 @ meganeholstein realdonaldtrump your family is inspiring  rags to riches in three generations god bless america thanks megan !
 @ murmiles realdonaldtrump sir will you be bringing the caddy service inhouse at doral or sticking with a contractor ?  in house !
 @ lumberportal realdonaldtrump i don't think the haters or losers bother donald one bit haha do they affect you in anyway ? no !
 @ jariusrembert realdonaldtrump has a lot of haters not haters losers !
 @ shanefontaine7 realdonaldtrump what a great fragrance success is love the sentiment and it lasts all day thanks donald no thanks  @ s
 @ filmrod83 realdonaldtrump what house makes your cologne ? i'm going to macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne ! the best ! thanks !
 @ ayooprincess :   many people dislike  @ realdonaldtrump but the man is the man and i can't lie  so true !
 @ kmcs1957 realdonaldtrump i love when you get your haters all twisted up you would make another gazillion $ as a comedian  # love you !
 @ alixandrak realdonaldtrump i love you ! run for president and save this country !  # trumpforpresident  it needs saving !
 @ mattweaver21 realdonaldtrump you are quite literally the worst human being ever thank you !
read my tweets you dopesof course he should get a trialbut fast not a 12 year disaster
 @ sverriss realdonaldtrump what good will killing him/her do ? he'll never kill againand others will start to think about consequences !
 @ marlborostan you've got it mixed up  chechnya is not the czech republic
another great shot from the beginning of construction at  @ doralresort 
with  @ ivankatrump and crew at the start of a new  @ doralresort 
pervert alert ! sexter anthony weiner will be running for mayor of new york city
 @ rockinar realdonaldtrump  @ mtneerjustice trump does not own the hotel he just licensed him name out for it wrong i own the hotel !
 @ patrickblackbrn realdonaldtrump  @ mattmoran50 he tried last cycle and failed miserably never ran yet lead in the pols you moron !
 @ mtneerjustice realdonaldtrump my husband and i went to las vegas in august and stayed at the trump hotel we loved it !   that's great !
 @ rogerlmenard realdonaldtrump mr trump please keep up the great work on all frontsyour an inspiration to everyone thank you !
 @ ailor424 realdonaldtrump prez shows more anger about us senate not passing guns bill than he does about the boston bombing interesting !
 @ nicktripp86 realdonaldtrump  @ rodmonium91 what is the most important lesson you've learned in business ? never give up !
 @ simonlise realdonaldtrump  @ maggie101956 if he had gone you would have criticized him for leaving the boston issue unresloved wrong !
 @ ilovebritney7 realdonaldtrump could you run for president  ? we need you !  we need someone !
 @ arseburgers realdonaldtrump  @ itshodaifa when you die the world will be better  very nice  you sound like a really wonderful person !
 @ lrod421 realdonaldtrump  @ mlb  @ yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract pay it or contess it  contest ?
 @ billf227 realdonaldtrump staying at doral tonight can't wait to see it after the trump renovations  it will be amazing !
 @ knaweiny21 realdonaldtrump love everything that you stand for ! you are a brilliant man ! thank you !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman ? work really hard and smart !
 @ itshodaifa realdonaldtrump i wish someday i would be like you ! you're my inspiration ! keep up the good work   thanks !
 @ blakeamorrow realdonaldtrump ha ! cuban got lucky trump is a genius hope to see you at the top one day sir  great hopefully soon !
 @ theimpregnable realdonaldtrump mr trump what keeps you going  ?  love of my family country and work !
everyone loves  @ amandatmiller here she is with  @ joanrivers and me 
druggie arod  @ mlb’s biggest fraud is lucky george steinbrenner is no longer with us   @ yankees would have voided his contract
it is terrible that neither obama biden nor kerry attended lady thatcher’s funeral they would all run to muslim brotherhood morsi’s
 @ y0itsbeau well i would make america great again
 @ reallukashall :  starting to follow the donald has been one of my better decisions lately  @ realdonaldtrump  that's great !
 @ dougefresh2 realdonaldtrump is definitely a legend a real man among men  thanks doug i like you tooooo !
 @ katemorgan :  i'd say  @ realdonaldtrump is a legend  i work too long and hard to think about it  but thanks !
 @ leebestt realdonaldtrump his opponent should not agree to any debates as i am sure he is a master  re me ?  thanks !
i discuss yesterday's tragedy at the boston marathon in today's video blog 
 @ alexsalmond rt  @ richwaugaman this time i agree 100 i never knew how useless a wind turbine was until i cont 
 @ alexsalmond  rt  @ islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win good luck
it’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to margaret thatcher’s funeral she was a big us supporter
 @ mrmikeyharrison you will love it !
 @ sonoman24  @ stephenbaldwin  @ apprenticenbc  i was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real
 @ nycjennie realdonaldtrump would you mind retweeting this flier please you could help me save 4 year old jayden's life ! go jayden !
 @ therealmarild.c.mpressing the all star celebrity  @ apprenticenbc viewers with her continued success on team power
the home of the boardroom  @ trumptowerny 
do you know how many years  @ therealmarilu starred on taxi ?  # celebapprentice
what would you choose vampires or cavemen ?  # celebapprentice
it’s true— @ dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award i didn’t like having to fire him  # celebapprentice
a lot of comments re  @ melaniatrump vs milania last week i think spelling has taken on a new significance  # celebapprentice
get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice  tonight's show is great !
 @ adamscott  i am really proud of you adam  i'll see you soon at trump national doral !
great job  @ adamscott  you deserve it !
 @ willise2n realdonaldtrump hero to us in nigeria/ africa wen r u visiting us nxt ? it wld be a dream come true to meet  really nice
make sure to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at  9 on nbc a great show just like the masters   9
 @ kylej91 realdonaldtrump if the us asked for reimbursement for defense and the koreans declined then what ?  let's rebuild the us !
 @ chuckyc78 realdonaldtrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party you will love it tonight !
 @ adamscott is a great guy and player !
 @ teresayarbor realdonaldtrump  @ wallsburg i remember you supported john mccain just like i did that is correct thank you !
 @ wallsburg realdonaldtrump grow a pair donald admit you were wrong to support obama in 08  moron i never supported obama in 08
 @ adultprodigy :  i'll say it nobody beats  @ realdonaldtrump when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight thanks !
 @ pjpaton :  wind mills are highly dangerous  they tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms  @ realdonaldtrump  true !
 @ kanikagahlaut :  can anyone explain why  @ jerryseinfeld is so unfunny on twitter and  @ realdonaldtrump is so funny ? jerry is highly overrated
remember save your evening to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9  increased to a full two hours  great episode  watch gary b
 @ cockycam :  don't care what you say  @ realdonaldtrump is spot on with his comments on gov issues ! keeps it real and honest !  # respect best !
 @ dale26 :  mr  @ realdonaldtrump how come the us doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems ? they are dumb
 @ realcoachhodge :  i'm thinking of changing my name to trump just to thank  @ realdonaldtrump for making my business thousands ! smart !
 @ bidwellp realdonaldtrump are you supporting chinese child labor ? only at the masters !
 @ tehjaybee realdonaldtrump are you going to return the favor to  @ vincemcmahon and be the one who inducts him in to the  @ wwe  # hof ? yes !
remember nbc increased celebrity apprentice to 2 hours starting this sunday night at 9  pm  through end of seasongreat  news  for app lovers
 @ bclew70 realdonaldtrump donald i am disappointed in you you should have ran for pres never too late !
bad break for  @ tigerwoodshits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the watergets a bogey on hole with another great shotchamp !
 @ joshb123 :  thank you for creating the best show ever  @ realdonaldtrump  very nice thank you !
 @ tanann5 realdonaldtrump love you to deaththink you r amazing and brilliant ! like your straight forward talkthanks !
i am on david letterman tonight
 @ bakerjb19 china will only rule if we let themor are stupid
 @ mannaaeyad i only speak the truth
i talk about obamacare in today's  # trumpvlog 
 @ alexsalmond rt  @ kingpepp  driving through indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills now i know what  @ realdonaldtrump is talking about
 @ djhago realdonaldtrump re scotland i'm in scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms hideous and horrible things
 @ michaelnidiffer realdonaldtrump thoughts on kerry visiting seoul amid missile crisis tell them that they must pay us for protection !
 @ ctobin22 realdonaldtrump if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president obama would  leadership !
 @ rickshauntz realdonaldtrump  @ sstew3 we need the art of the deal very true !
 @ ryelki realdonaldtrump  @ sstew3 we have no jobs no hope and no cash ten years ago we had some or all of those things interesting !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump i've come to the conclusion the only help for america is trump 2016 for president !  probably so !
the time has come thegarybusey will be project mgr on this sunday's allstar celebrity  @ apprenticenbc must see tv back to 2 hrs
 @ jimmyv3   @ wwe greatly appreciate your nice words re wrestlemania that’s why you are such a respected writer
i really liked everyone at the  @ wwe hall of fame ceremonyfantastic people !
 @ dohaben i will be there soon !
 @ cherishhow realdonaldtrump i'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow any advice for people who have stage fright like me ? be cool !
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump my 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan ! has  # success cologne watches apprentice wants to be like usay hi !
 @ salesdan48 realdonaldtrump why is anthony weiner attempting to run for mayor  ? because he is delusional !
 @ maggieaveua  thanks and say hi to your son !
 @ elliotd224 realdonaldtrump do you think bloomberg is a good mayor ? yes !
“you cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb”  andrew carnegie
sexual pervert anthony weiner has zero business holding public office
obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike 
 @ mersjm1 realdonaldtrump why did you get this tattoo ! ? 
i hope everyone especially the haters and losers goes to macy's today and buys some djt ties shirts and suitsand success fragrancelove !
 @ ericlahti929 realdonaldtrump  @ nbc  i say more mr trump and less everything else on your network ! thanks eric many agree !
 @ mbb2792 realdonaldtrump congrats on the hall of fame  !  @ wwe  sorry haters but  people loved my wwehof speech as you saw last night
 @ aakash4cesc realdonaldtrump will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall  deserved to be in wwe hof  thanks !
 @ bryanice1 :  ending my life thanks  @ realdonaldtrump !  bryan don't do it  you have everything to live for !
 @ miketilley13 :  prepping for my job interview by reading the art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump inspirational  good luck mike !
with fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at msg  # wwehof 
another one of me on stage  # wwehof 
vince mcmahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in wwe history  # wwehof 
always nice to see the terrific  @ mariamenounos at the  # wwehof 
 @ scooter41471 realdonaldtrump congrats on the run with the show been a staple for years on nbc thanks scott !
yea nbc has increased all remaining celebrity apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9  pm  on sunday !  amazing show
watch me get inducted into the  # wwehof tonight at 10 pm  on usa i will be posting exclusive behind the… 
it was great seeing  @ schwarzenegger at the  # wwehof 
it’s tuesday how much has china stolen from us today through cyber espionage ?
follow me on instagram 
the new reality ‘china daily’ is sold in street  news paper vending machines across dc why not ? they own the place
i am very impressed by  @ dennisrodman his return to this season’s  @ apprenticenbc  showed who dennis really iswhich is very good
 @ melaniatrump just finished being on  @ theviewtvby any standard she was great !
the  # celebapprentice post  @ omarosa will it ever be the same ?
i’m at  @ wrestlemania tonight but will be doing a few tweets i know the episode well  # celebapprentice
dennis rodman is a project manager tonight on celebrity apprentice  watch dennis in full action !
 @ majidedan realdonaldtrump but why only one hour need my two hours of crazy  # celebapprentice next week until end increased to 2 hrs
 @ apprenticenbc is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty  @ melaniatrump who reveals her great skin care collection  @ lordandtaylor
 @ airpacee realdonaldtrump i don't even follow u and i love you  very nice !
 @ bonnieobe realdonaldtrump congrats my role model always look up to youboss thank you !
 @ mercyflawless realdonaldtrump i kinda like the tattoo you got check it out guys ! 
starting next week and by popular demand plus good ratings nbc will broadcast only two hour episodes of celebrity apprentice at 9  pm 
 @ chriscolgan realdonaldtrump  congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time thank you !
 @ jesusmohammad realdonaldtrump should i get the red donald trump tie or the blue donald trump tie get them both at macy'sthanks !
my induction last night at madison square garden into the wwe hall of fame was amazingi met some great people including bruno
 @ giovachris sammartinobruno realdonaldtrump and i backstage at wwe hall of fame a great man and good friend 
 @ ironman1021 :  i think after watching his roast i've realized that  @ realdonaldtrump is super fucking bad ass props to you sir true  thanks
 @ realbrianbuxton fluffyguy why is  @ realdonaldtrump even at a  @ wwe event ?  ratings asshole  i'll bet in life you are a very big failure !
 @ helpuserve realdonaldtrump donald we are always supporting other countries  often times because we're stupid  we make bad deals !
 @ thejbrain realdonaldtrump america needs you in 2016 your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful againgod bless
china is pushing north korea !
 @ billlmu lili will call you  thanks and good luck !
i'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the wwe hall of fame at madison square garden  a great honor for me and the trump family !
 @ beaumontanthony realdonaldtrump great picture mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the uk your resorts are the best
spent full day with contractors at trump national doral  it will be amazing ! 
 @ keiththoms  @ apprenticenbc original schedule but going back to two hours
 @ gapools either is great
i will be on the record with greta van susteren  @ gretawire tonight at 10  pm  on fox  news 
very exciting—tomorrow night at madison square garden i get inducted into the  @ wwe hall of fame
 @ rodmonium91 realdonaldtrump will the mavs make the playoffs what do u think mr trump ? no mark cuban is a loser !
north korea can't survive or even eat without the help of china china could solve this problem with one phone callthey love taunting us !
 @ thisiscen :  if you're not following  @ realdonaldtrump on twitter you are missing out on greatness do it thank you !
 @ mfonessien :  one day i'd shake hands with  @ realdonaldtrump  my business and leadership mentor  work hard and good luck !
 @ mgseneca realdonaldtrump you and your tv show  # theapprentice are tremendous watch it every week  thanks
i have a gift for my loyal viewers of allstar  @ apprenticenbc mrs  @ melaniatrump debut on this week’s episode 
remember celebrity apprentice  tonight  on cnbc at 9 amazing episode  watch omarosa get the boot !
re :  negotiation :  view any conflict as an opportunity be a diplomat as much as possible
now ap is banning the term illegal immigrants what should we call them ? 'americans' ? ! this country's political press is amazing !
obama just bought the afghan police $288m in ammo 
the purpose of china’s massive military buildup on the nork’s border is to intimidate us china attacked us during the korean war
millions could get surprise tax bills under ‘obamacare’ if they don’t accurately project their income 
video in honor of the 100th anniversary  of the antidefamation league adl :   “imagine a world without hate” 
 @ furiousblaze realdonaldtrump  @ wwe you deserve it can't wait to watch you go in i'll be there
 @ billmoyers sucks  very bland and boring with no future or hope  just like  @ nymag and many others
free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction  arthur c brooks
in this time of economic turmoil where millions of americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying  @ billmoyers' big  @ pbs salary !
china has control over north korea !
 among abc cbs and nbc in the key  news  demo of adults
the  @ yankees should immediately stop paying arod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie
sacrificing our nation’s bravest for  ungrateful iraqis  great for china china is taking majority of the oil 
today the blue monster is torn up the trump national  @ doralresort is being revolutionized with $200m of renovations
“allstar celebrity apprentice” is  # 1 in the time period among abc cbs and nbc in 1849 and all other key demos—nielsen ratings
 @ alexsalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasonswill go down as a better decision
 @ alexsalmond  the scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie…
it was my great honor to defend  @ dennisrodman on  @ apprenticenbc last night—he has come a long way and for the good !
 @ bucksfan2012 realdonaldtrump  did you hear the cheers from ohio celebrity apprentice is back to being my favorite show !
 @ drstardis realdonaldtrump some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its mr trump thanks cory !
 @ lucaswilson911 :  i will never be persuaded to not be a  @ realdonaldtrump fan  : 
 @ lucaswilson911 realdonaldtrump please reply to me yay ! i'm your number 1 fan i will die happy if you respond to this tweet  : d $$$$
will be doing fox and friends in 10 minutes at 705  enjoy !
 @ emilyhoms :  going to keep tweeting until  @ realdonaldtrump realizes how much he is my idol  # lovethisman
 @ nysportfan4life realdonaldtrump will you be at the yankee game tomorrow ? yes !
 @ theraygallimore realdonaldtrump  # celebrityapprentice most powerful show on the network ! no other television series comes close to it !
 @ futurecutler realdonaldtrump couldn't be happier ! now  # celebrityapprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv ! glad you are happy !
adrian was recognized on a disney cruise and has had many photo requests in  @ trumptowerny we have a new celebrity !  # celebapprentice
great boardroom ! what did you think ?  # celebapprentice
what do you think  @ amandatmiller is writing ?  # celebapprentice
 @ flamboyantfag realdonaldtrump a world with donald trump is a world i don't want to live in  # inspiration  wow how nice !
 @ liljon’s take on  @ piersmorgan seems to be a classic lovehate combo piers can be tough and everyone knows it  # celebapprentice
now he has made his buseyism into a song  # celebapprentice
 @ thegarybusey and one of his buseyisms :   “art is only the search it is not the final form”  # celebapprentice
read about how this hotel came into being in my book “never give up”—it’s quite a story  # celebapprentice  @ trumpnewyork
 @ trumpnewyork on cpw in nyc is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city  # celebapprentice
 @ claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise  # celebapprentice
are people really afraid of  @ omarosa would you be ?  # celebapprentice
big night on celebrity apprentice tonight important starts at 10  pm  as scheduled but nbc just increased all future episodes to 2 hours !
 @ kimstagliano realdonaldtrump when will nyt write about vaccine damage and its price ? 3 girls w autism here mr trump they should kim !
 @ sullythinks :  why is  @ realdonaldtrump not the president of the us right now very good question !
 @ thejbrain realdonaldtrump very well said the united states needs people like you to show what truly leadership means ! so true !
 @ thaddalicious realdonaldtrump should be president he knows what he is talking about  # rolemodel  thank you !
 @ tonyantoine321 realdonaldtrump great advice yesterday i listened to your audio book think big for the 2nd time great !
 @ gramma421   not recent long term support for the autism community
 @ fashionartlady realdonaldtrump dt do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the usa ?  yes !
 @ nikkio realdonaldtrump just read book contagious why things catch on  reminded me of u ur one of a kind thank you !
 @ heathermama3 :  i watched the  @ realdonaldtrump on  # letterman great interview this man knows how its done pure class ! he has my vote
 @ jpressler :  i bet matt lauer is really grateful for  @ realdonaldtrump coming to his defense like this unfair story by third rate  @ nymag
 @ jaysuch :  hey  @ realdonaldtrump my 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person we picked you  a great subject should get an a
 @ benhrysack realdonaldtrump you were awesome on late show !   very true  thanks !
we blow up the famous blue monster at trump national doral onmonday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better blue monster !
 @ kevingsmithjr realdonaldtrump  i often times don't agree with you politically but i enjoyed your interview on letterman thanks !
 @ dmbgreyst realdonaldtrump  @ nymag agreed i won't be renewing i got back issues that are paper weights bad people false writing !
 @ elisaoggero realdonaldtrump late show was great ! we all enjoy it ! thanks !
adam moss editor in chief of  @ nymag is quickly losing his reputation in that  @ nymag has become so boring and so irrelevant
rambling and stumbling  @ hardballchris is as dumb as a rock !
 @ lucasdowns11 :  speaking from a military point of view i want  @ realdonaldtrump as my commanderinchief great compliment  thanks !
trump signature mattress is from serta  the best there is ! thanks
 @ brandonzappi realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016 this country needs a different kind of change  thanks !
 @ michellegrace realdonaldtrump loved you on the letterman show i have a whole new respect for you ! continued success  thanks !
 @ randycoggins realdonaldtrump my dad is a pastor here in lakeland fl at bridge of hope always wears a trump tie !  # success great !
 @ cherylgravino realdonaldtrump i wish you had run for president ! you are a very smart man ! thanks cheryl !
 @ tanmayshekhawat realdonaldtrump was incredible as always on letterman he surely knows how to handle it thanks !
 @ doctoredsmom realdonaldtrump just watched you on letterman you were brilliant ! such a wellfed brain i enjoyed you
 @ conservativejt bluejoni  @ realdonaldtrump trump is an american that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life
 @ tid4prez realdonaldtrump this interview made you look down to earth romney should have done letterman
 @ fcvladjoseph realdonaldtrump :  you forgot to mention that you're going into the wwe hall of fame
 @ ilove40s realdonaldtrump should run in 2016  thanks for your nice thoughts !
 @ jeulrich realdonaldtrump is far nicer and real on letterman than he is on twitter  interesting !
 @ thatboyred realdonaldtrump you did awesome ! always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the gop and joking on you great !
 @ hoggoblin34 realdonaldtrump great job on letterman i have always been a big admirer of yours thanks jim !
 @ akmackey realdonaldtrump you did great mr trump ! wife and i watched loved your walmart answer thanks !
 @ jevonk realdonaldtrump i thought you did a great job with letterman thanks jevon !
 @ maryportwine :  loving  @ realdonaldtrump on letterman ! could listen to him talk all day long you say it like it is and that's why we love u !
 @ coll4734 realdonaldtrump run for president and have david as your wing man cute !
 @ darmstrong23 realdonaldtrump awesome job on letterman ! thought it was a great funny interview invite me to doral thanks david !
 @ thomaswaller realdonaldtrump great job ! way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism your always a class act ! thanks tom !
 @ deannaspillyard realdonaldtrump although i cannot speak for them i think you made your family proudgreat job !  thanks deanna !
 @ kellyfrias realdonaldtrump i always enjoy your interviews and think the apprentice is terrific looked great on letterman thanks !
 @ ihealthquote realdonaldtrump you were great you are always genuine  thanks !
 @ 513pango realdonaldtrump please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016 ? ? thanks for the nice thoughts mike !
 @ theobm realdonaldtrump i am a local aberdonian the coast is beautiful  it will be totally ruined with these vile ugly turbines
 @ kalevans realdonaldtrump iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy ! sad distinction farm land lost !
 @ alexsalmond  @ pressjournal rt  @ djkevritch  im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
 @ creelken  hope i do well !
getting ready to do the david letterman  @ lateshow  tonight—i hope you all will watch—i think !
 @ smalltwnbig news  kateall my best wishes to you
the new selection of ties shirts and suits at macy's is amazing  also available in trump tower lobby
i'm doing the david letterman show tonight should be interesting !
 @ genaleenolin   great  call me we'll get you on !
great piece on extra tonight re celebrity apprentice !
 @ specialk211 realdonaldtrump i really miss  @ bretmichaels on allstar apprentice will he be back as a judge ? yes !
 @ seanhooligan6  @ alexsalmond this is from someone who knows they are a disaster
and now alex salmond pushes ugly turbines !
the scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist almegrahi for humanitarian reasons 
…almegrahi  was the man who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie scotland
the radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm  # eowdc
 @ kindlerusso :  i mean it when i say i would take a bullet for  @ realdonaldtrump    wow how nice  thanks !
re :  chinai told you that a long time ago 
i hope everyone enjoyed palm sunday !
 @ christalgraceg thanks i appreciate it
even the liberal crs is now reporting obama care will cause 200 premium increases  
cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bailout we owe $17t think it can’t happen here ?
 @ jacobmastro you may be right !
 @ michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are nowyou're fired !
they changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working it was too cold !
last night’s allstar  @ apprenticenbc once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager the buck stops there
adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of  @ trumptowerny  # celebapprentice
people ask about  @ amandatmiller she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization  # celebapprentice
who are your favorites on team power ? team plan b ?  # celebapprentice
what team would you choose to win ?  # celebapprentice
 @ dennisrodman is always hard to missespecially when dressed in silver finery but not sure about the silver lipstick  # celebapprentice
 @ joanrivers —i know you’re watching what did you think of your impersonator ?
they should have got darrell hammond as the donald trump impersonator  # celebapprentice
with  @ traceadkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed  # celebapprentice
what do you think of  @ dennisrodman’s donald trump head ? the hair’s not quite right for one thing  # celebapprentice
always good to have  @ arseniohall back as advisor as well as  @ donaldjtrumpjr they have their own fan clubs at this point  # celebapprentice
 @ stephenbaldwin7’s mother thinks i’m very handsome now i see where stephen and alec get their smarts  # celebapprentice
 @ cshanton realdonaldtrump wish we had politicians that were like you maybe the we could cut some debt then  # 2016  thanks !
 @ ensomat realdonaldtrump your apprentice is so much better than ours in the uk you're so much better than alan sugar ! thanks !
 @ inshapp776 realdonaldtrump i just stayed at the trump hotel in vegas i love it great !
 @ katiedoodlebug2 realdonaldtrump yay can't wait donald you are so cool    and so are you  thanks !
 @ slimshady2o3 realdonaldtrump yay i cant wait mr trump ! you have the best show on tv on sunday nights !  thanks !
i will be tweeting live tonight during celebrity apprentice  9 o'clock on nbc !
celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc  some amazing things happen !
 @ marcomasucci marychayko  @ realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity in the world ! i can't believe she met him  great and thanks !
 @ jimhendley81 realdonaldtrump i agree donald please run for president your alot smarter than hillary america needs you  thanks !
 @ jeanpierreaboud :  i wanna be  @ realdonaldtrump when i grow up  : p  ! work hard and smart !
 @ hailllluminati realdonaldtrump better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him  # conservativepride  thanks !
 @ warrencasselljr ctrain the truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say  @ realdonaldtrump was right !   many people think so !
 @ yassinomar :  the amount of trump towers in new york city is ridiculous no simple man can build such an empire like  @ realdonald  thanks ! !
 @ ctrain realdonaldtrump honestly who gives a shit where obama was born ? it's where he lives now that's the problem    interesting !
 @ trumpgolfla is ranked the top course in the west 
this sunday's allstar  @ apprenticenbc features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season get ready
 @ michellemalkin would be nothing without being on the  @ seanhannity show  i don’t see what sean sees in her—loser !
 @ dafny01 do not give up keep moving forward
 @ michellemalkin you were born stupid !
see yourself as an organization pay attention to every facet of your life what’s strong ? what’s weak ? what’s missing ?
“the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits”  albert einstein
there won’t be any new gun legislation no surprise americans support the 2nd amendment
“here’s something about donald trump he’s got a top rated show on tv and everything he says becomes a headline” @ dloesch  all true !
yes allstar  @ apprenticenbc contestant  @ thegarybusey is a little out there but he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage
it won’t stay a buyer’s market forever if you can take advantage and buy property asap you’ll thank me !
 @ mcuban  mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the mavs/nets game next time i’ll go and you’ll win !
 @ champion278 realdonaldtrump i have to say your a better host than alan sugar who does the uk version    thanks !
 icahn kravis apollo and most othersbut nobody says they went bankrupt !
shocker :  study reveals that  @ msnbc is completely biased while  @ fox news  is factual 
  @ wwe’s  @ wrestlemania xxix less than 3 weeks away  looking forward to being inducted into the hall of fame !
“playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun
 that’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course” – trump 101
board room finale of this week’s allstar  @ apprenticenbc will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…it's great !
 @ nbc just announced that all 1 hour  @ celebapprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do !
i remained strong for  @ tigerwoods during his difficult period he rewarded me and himself by winning at trump national doral
 @ whatitlooklike9 realdonaldtrump  @ mcuban nobody is on the dons level lets be honest donald trump is the man very nice thank you !
 @ mcuban  mark okay with me but don't start your bullshit again !
amnesty is suicide for republicansnot one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote republicanobama is laughing at  @ gop
sorry folks but donald trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey  @ mcuban !
allstar celebrity  @ apprenticenbc continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week more and bigger coming…
it was just announced that  @ erinburnett won’t be going to mornings on cnn  @ outfrontcnn just made a wise decision
 @ sarahpalinusa did a great job  @ cpac news  much of what she said was plain old common sense
 @ hardballchris became a super liberal obama fan only because he must need the moneyand on  @ msnbc that’s the way it is
 @ erinburnett should have stayed at cnbc—she was never smart but people liked her  @ outfrontcnn jeff zucker’s got problems !
i don’t like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter front desk of a hotel in order to pay his bill it’s not popelike !
 @ hardballchris  is a really dumb guyand i know him well—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in washington
re :  cpac “the crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do
 to help mcconnell who spoke right after him” @ breitbart news 
 @ rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites the most of anyone of my cpac speech hour 3 in friday's show
but  @ mcuban is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game !
 @ geeopee realdonaldtrump why are you wasting your time with cuban ? you are right !
 @ kimfloyd2012 realdonaldtrump  hope you have a great day ! loved your speech at cpac thanks kim !
 @ cathmiriam :  love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to  @ realdonaldtrump are poor idiots with no sense  # playnice true
 @ mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch he's just a weak man with a big mouth !
 @ julzz realdonaldtrump you got bankrupted 3 times who the hell trusts you with anything  i never went bankrupt moron !
bombings all over iraq todaythat country is falling apartsuch a horrible waste of lives and 15 trillion dollars and i told you so !
 @ mcuban is very short off the tee  and his basketball sucks also !
golf match ? i've won 18 club championships including this weekend  @ mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent mark's a loser
 @ byoppjr   we just blew it up dummy !
 @ arseniohall    you were fantastic last night on celebrity apprentice  everybody loved you !
 @ afielding1984 realdonaldtrump when you next in scotland mr trump ? we miss you ! april and thanks !
 @ ashbash032 nautilus916  @ realdonaldtrump lucky for me i don't live in america i live in south africa  bad  news  we need you here !
 @ tauruslovin realdonaldtrump  my boyfriend and i were in las vegas the other day gotta say your trump building rocks ! thanks
 @ bearmntn  but i like picking on losers !
 @ sissontravis realdonaldtrump when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys ?  # kimmitchell  in september
 @ donaldjchump   stupid they tried that with the benefactor and mark went splat !
 @ kmac5911 :  who would win on the golf course  @ realdonaldtrump or  @ mcuban did you ever see mark swing a club  the power of a little girl !
 @ star13r realdonaldtrump what a show last night ! i couldn't believe the outcome ! ca has been my fave show for a long time ! great !
apprentice ratings doing great  easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks !
 @ benjaminabey realdonaldtrump  @ mcuban  @ dallasmavs so ? what the fuck is your problem  ? the people love him nobody loves him !
 @ salesdan48 realdonaldtrump mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon mark my words i agree with youand a loser !
“leverage :  don’t make deals without it” – the art of the deal
is anthony weiner also delusional ? add him to ny sex offender list instead !
 @ dloesch played great audio from my  @ cpac news  press conference on her radio show  glad she made it !
vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of aberdeen scotland is having serious financial difficulty
if  @ omarosa is not in the board room i can’t fire her   @ latoyajackson made a strategic mistake
trump at cpac :  'we have to get the momentum back' 
 @ omarosa is not winning points being called “the wicked witch of the midwest” and most certainly other things  # celebapprentice
the paley center for media is a great place to visit when you’re in nyc  # celebapprentice
 @ gaphotoman realdonaldtrump  if mrtrump would run he would be the best president ever   thanks !
 @ simonkodousek :  you may not agree with  @ realdonaldtrump but he knows what's what ! keep being truthful and real ! thanks !
 @ mrbrandoncraker realdonaldtrump mr trump i love you and celebrity apprentice you are awesome and should be president thanks !
i'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9 pm  et re :  @ apprenticenbc don't worry other time zones i will give nothing away !
 @ crystaljoanna realdonaldtrump that's because you bring clout to anything you do mr trumpremain blessed ! thanks really nice !
 @ annika59    annika  thanks you are the greatest  we all adore you !
 @ linro2 :  looking forward to the apprentice tonight @ realdonaldtrump show is still going strong  ! enjoy it linda !
 @ paul1994loan realdonaldtrump big q did you shoot your age ? no but close !
just won the club championship at trump international golf club in palm beachlots of very good golfersnever easy to win a cc
last weeks dateline which i hosted was the highest rated dateline since january !
don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc  great episode !
 @ libertybellskp realdonaldtrump you were great and are greatkeep on plugging away  thank you !
the donald goes to cpac :  tv star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of america 
“donald trump :  the view will be better without joy behar video” 
press conference after cpac speech this morning was excellent lots of very professional reporters
those stupid people bought  @ mcuban's company of which he owned a piece
there’s a reason  @ mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks !
really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at  #  cpac2013 i look forward to it !
when  @ mcuban had his own show the benefactor it totally “bombed !”
i love watching dummy  @ mcuban promote on ok show named shark tank—but he is just a small part of that show
good move by  @ msnbc in downgrading  @ wegoted to a dead weekend spot this is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv
  @ barbarajwalters made a great decision in firing  @ joyvbehar from  @ theviewtv the show will be better without her !
the dc press corps is obsessed with my  @ cpac news  speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8 : 45am in the potomac ballroom can't blame them
wowjust 1 day after my offer to fund all wh tours obama backtracks on decision to cancel all white house tours” 
dummy  @ mcuban made up a story about a visit to maralago last night on leno it never happened—i don’t talk that way
i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night  what a jerk !
celebrity apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on cnbc
according to new wpostabc poll obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
the sequester is less than 2 of total 2013 budget why can’t the wh reallocate funds and keep the tours open for children ?  # openourwh
lines for my  @ cpac news  address start at 7 : 00am outside the potomac ballroom acu has asked that you get there early  # cpac2013
help save the lives of our troopsour  # vets suffering from tbi/pts need treatment  @ makeitvisible donate to 
ashley judd's candidacy was created by karl rove's terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running
a note from the fabulous mark burnett :   “donald congratulations again we are  # 1 in the 10 : 00 pm  hour i am tweeting about it”
congratulations to  @ newyorkobserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary great paper under amazing management !
really looking forward to my address  @ cpac news  this friday morning at 8 : 30 will stress jobs etc can't wait to see my many friends
 @ brandenroderick brande thank you ! you have been a pleasure to work with
to  @ tigerwoods  he is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at trump national doral  @ doralresort  # trump
 @ celebapprentice was  # 1 on network tv last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics
let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiatejohn f kennedy inaugural address january 1961
does anyone agree with marilu that gary while 'adorable' is a distraction ?
next she says she's being set up by omarosa to failis somebody confused ?
what ? !  latoya is saying omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met ?
honest omarosa :  she won't backstabshe'll come at you from the front
will team power be able to withstand omarosa as  pm  ? smooth sailing is not expected
will plan b miss trace ?
firing bret was a tough one for mebut omarosa doesn't seem to mind
omarosa always promises and delivers high drama
there's definitely no love lost between piers and omarosa
i will be live tweeting during the  @ apprenticenbc tonight at 9 pm  et
 @ axelpals be prepared to go it alonebeing an entrepreneur is not initially a group effort keep your focus read midas touch
make sure to tune in to allstar celebrity  @ apprenticenbc this sunday at 9 pm  est for another round of fireworks and surprises !
 @ amowjf realdonaldtrump you are a true champion just started a company n i'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' tremendous help
 @ codyaa722 realdonaldtrump are they going too low for you at trump doral ? yes
 @ jpala realdonaldtrump what's the next step you accomplish so much is there more ? much more  stay tuned !
 @ pabloraffaele  good thing to remember
 @ morningjoe  wow  ticket sales go through the roof after trump asked to speak at cpac
 @ jguer042 :  good morning  @ realdonaldtrump started reading think big yesterday and already almost finished thank you for writing it thanks
 @ signoresifis :  huge fan of  @ realdonaldtrump i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man big role model to me     thank you
go to trump national doral miami and watch tiger phil ernie rory and all of the other great players compete in the wgc cadillac champ !
john heilemann the lightweight reporter begging to be on @ morning joe looks like a timebomb waiting to explodehe's a nervous and sad mess !
it’s been great making so many new friends at trump  @ doralresort for the  @ cadillacchamp good luck to everyone !
dateline nbc featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder nbc likes me so much !  @ nbc
it was just announced that  @ macmiller’s song “donaldtrump” went platinum—tell  mac miller to kiss my ass !
 @ crewsawyer it will be fantasticbe sure to visit
“when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others” – think like a billionaire
 @ kennybud  if you love what you're doing motivation is never a problem
 @ laurierobertson it will be fantastic ! be sure to visit
 @ scheekster  i agree it's a beautiful course to play thanks
rory tiger phil and ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at trump national doral
 @ msallis matthope you will have a happy birthday
3  you should tweet your pick for mvp using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag  # celebapprenticemvp
2  the celebrity with the highest totals by tuesday noon et gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
1   each week you the audience can choose an mvp among the celebrities  @ celebapprentice using twitter…
china has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war 
glad everyone could see maralago last night on  @ datelinenbc it is the crown jewel of palm beach
 @ idkbrody realdonaldtrump :  so what did you think of my decision ? what would you have done ?  # celebapprentice trump president 2016 great
 @ piersmorgan is right he won the show because “i know how to play the game”  # celebapprentice
 @ ivankatrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty  # celebapprentice
paul teutul is always good on the show  # celebapprentice
 @ kellyandmichael are both wonderful people their show is terrific  # celebapprentice
i can’t believe he would choose  @ omarosa as his first choice ! she is hard to handle  # celebapprentice
looks like  @ omarosa is up to the challenge  # celebapprentice
i will be live tweeting during the celebrity apprentice at 9  pm   also will be hosting dateline just prior to apprentice at 8  pm 
 @ dattan78 realdonaldtrump thank you for supporting the  # wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted  @ wrestlemania
 @ dattan78 realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts for being selected into the  # 2013 hall of fame for  @ wrestlemania a great honor !
 @ zarkriggs realdonaldtrump it's all about jealousy you should just ignore their false reporting but i'd rather expose them as losers !
 @ jcpost realdonaldtrump esquire is irrelevant mo one reads it anymore and no one cares true !
 @ jjlyons :  how comes  @ realdonaldtrump notices everyone but me and my tweets to him ! read my tweets sir ! big fan your my idol thanks
 @ managerct25 :  would love to get a reply from  @ realdonaldtrump huge fan of the celebrity apprentice and supporter of mr trump thanks !
 @ blakesrobinson realdonaldtrump i can't wait for the big show tomorrow i've had it circled on the calendar for months great blake !
 @ nicolewallace04 realdonaldtrump youre responding to everyone else but me don ?   not anymore nicole thanks
 @ coolness156 realdonaldtrump mr trump i loved when you called into the howard stern show it was so real and insightful ! thanks
 @ pjonchym realdonaldtrump other than yourself  what's the one reason why i should watch  # celebapprentice this season ? ? gary b
 @ kharmdd59 thanks kevintrump doral will soon be the best in the us
remember bill maher praised the animals who took down the world trade center and was fired by abc drop @ hbo until dopey bill is canned !
 @ forevermcin realdonaldtrump how much would it take for you to make out with rosie o'donnell ? one trillion at least !
 @ peacejanise realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is not just great entertainment its also schooling for the business world thanks !
 @ lilisportsfan realdonaldtrump mr trump will you be at doral next week so i can shake your hand again on the 5th tee ? yes !
 @ k9koda thank you  very nice and true !
 @ juliewind realdonaldtrump mr trump i just love your show i have seen every season ! thanks it is great entertainment ! julie wind love
joseph kennedy is really being used by venezuela and hugo c in oil commercial !
champion  @ joanrivers loves being on the other side of the table in the boardroom she leaves no punches out in  @ celebapprentice !
who would have thought that an  @ apprenticenbc champion would return to compete ?  @ bretmichaels returns to allstar  @ celebapprentice
 @ dwade85 realdonaldtrump just book trump las vegas for a few nights vacation with my kids 151310 will we like it ? yes is great !
 @ cctscan2 realdonaldtrump your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are thanks very nice !
 @ petercorio realdonaldtrump mark burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job your producer is also your opponent ? don't carelove to win
by popular request  i will be live tweeting during celebrity apprentice sunday 9  pm 
 @ candynecklace2 realdonaldtrump i love love love mr trump he is my hero  thanks
i am very proud of  @ stephenbaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of allstar  @ celebapprentice watch
everyone is excited for  @ thegarybusey’s return to allstar  @ celebapprentice  be warned this time gary is even more insane !
“to succeed one must be creative and persistent”  john h johnson
being the best requires fulltime attention and application” – midas touch
 @ nattilyattired  @ pontifex i fully understand that side of the argument
karl rove’s ads are the worst in political history !
karl rove’s stupid ad made ashley judd hot—now everybody is talking about her
ashley judd has just thanked karl rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal !—how stupid can we get ?
if mitch mcconnell wants to win his election he’d better get rid of jinxed karl rove and fast
how come nobody mentions that the nielsen ratings of the apprentice after 12 seasons as shown by howard stern totally blow away
 the ratings of shark tank everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence !
isn’t it ironic that president obama of all people is pushing for ‘universal background checks ? !'
 @ craryjohn there is none
 @ ryanthedee  hopefully he will not destroy scotland
 @ emanaydin  made a mistake but will recover
 @ brianschnitzler i often ask that question myself
great  news    @ barbarajwalters has fully recovered and will be back on  @ theviewtv this coming monday  barbara is wonderful !
 @ swiftvic  @ lexiarri  they usually put the leftovers on friday like shark tank
 @ goangelo—the next time you have a rally  @ macy’s try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective !
heading over to @ kelly and michael re apprentice !
 @ ryanthedee realdonaldtrump i had a look round trump international golf course in aberdeenshire scotland it is stunning thanks
just did howard stern showgreat time now doing the today show with ivanka enjoy !
 @ andrezakar realdonaldtrump just bought a trump series mattress awesome and exactly what you expect from trump thanks
 @ bstander realdonaldtrump i read your books and i think america would do itself a favor to elect yod.c.resident  thanks
 @ kaskman2 realdonaldtrump can't wait for apprentice to start up again  i have watched every season  # yourfired thanks
 @ mydeeary :  i wish  @ realdonaldtrump would teach me all his little secrets to success  good idea !
 @ gringalinds realdonaldtrump donald i watched you on fallon i love you and always have how bout a tweet back  :  thanks
 @ paulchristidis realdonaldtrump you are a person someone should aspire to be  # dedication  # commitment thanks
 @ rpbriggs realdonaldtrump on  @ howardstern tomorrow morning is going to be great donald is such an entertaining interview thanks
 @ taliahfogal :  one of my favorite celeb that i follow is definitely  @ realdonaldtrump hands down  # success  # truth  thanks
will be on howard stern at 645 am and the today show at 800 am
jimmy fallon show will be great tonight  i'm on !
on jimmy fallon tonight
the ruling  @ gop consultant class of losers like  @ karlrove have no respect for the tea party  they do this at their own peril !
but why shouldn't i speak out ? don't you speak out in this country ?   george steinbrenner
there is no comparison between  @ apprenticenbc and shark tank in the ratings the apprentice beats shark tank hands 
just a few more days until the 13th season of allstar  @ celebapprentice premieres  be sure to tune in this sunday at 9 pm  on  @ nbc big !
 and pay per view records with “battle of the billionaires” in detroit it was a wild day !
a certain whack job go angelo who doesn't have a life spends his time hopelessly attacking me re :  macy's
wow i was just informed that i'm being inducted into the  @ wwe hall of fame a great honor  4/6/13 at  @ msgnyc 
our leaders are terrible the government spends over $50b a day  it can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending ? ! sad !
the $85b sequester is just 2 of obama's $35t record deficit spending budget  our leaders are ruining our children's future
how did you like michelle obama’s bangs last night ?
sorry i never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig it's all mine !
anne hathaway is a good winner !
shirley b did a very good job singing goldfinger ! not easy
congrats to  @ jimmiejohnson a great guy on winning daytona !
dummy goangelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks also success are at macy'sthe bestnow everyone's aware !
come on goangelo don't give up now just because your rally at macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes ! i love @  macy's
why didn't movie lincoln use ford's theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater ?
i hope oprah gives lance armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him !
 @ japotter81 it will be great
lance armstrong is now being sued by fed govtwhat was he thinkking ?
then he who continues the attack wins”  ulysses s grant
the pga tour just extended my trump doral contract for wgc for ten years
enjoyed my visit to trump doral in miami yesterday looking forward to returning for the wgc @ cadillac championship on march 6th10th
what would allstar  @ apprenticenbc be w/out a baldwin ?  @ stephenbaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season our fans will be happy
i've just done a major dateline for nbc  march 3rd just ahead of apprentice
“positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking
only 10 more days until the premiere of allstar  @ apprenticenbc on march 3rd at 9 pm  est  @ nbc the fireworks return to the board room !
 @ mcuban you were excellent on howard sternthanks for the nice comments about my kidsyours are winners also !
 @ rothsteintravis  art of the deal
 @ marksrink a toy next to the apprentice   just a friday fill in !
 @ piersmorgan thanks piers you helped make it so !
the apprentice  10 years 182 shows  many at number one for week or night amazing !  @ nbc
 @ mldemmons  go angelo failed and gave up  now wants more pr   loser !
i am hearing that  @ nrcc digital director  @ lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing  @ gop social media  good – we need it
dummy  @ goangelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min at his “massive” rally at macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
 @ josephc45  do you understand sarcasm ?
 @ paul1994loan chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location yes it's doing well ! thanks
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
 @ ilevitan  number one rated hotel in torontoand getting even better !  best wishes
too many people rely on auto correctan assistant of mine apologizes !
always protect against the downsidethe upside will take care of itself donald j trump
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline  opec is laughing at us
good  news    @ afphq is going to fight back against rove’s attack on the tea party 
idiot  @ billmaher always forgets to mention that i am suing him to collect the $5m for charity that he expressly offered
 @ billmaher says that the iraelis are controlling our government 
“being an entrepreneur is a big task so what can you do to prepare ? first and foremost expand your focus”  midas touch
“trump :  'i like north carolina we are looking at another deal'” 
i said gas prices would sky rocket after election  opec payback !
wow—family feud said i am the third most envied man in america i respectfully disagree—i am very modest
looks like  @ bwilliams is having some problems with his rock center with brian williams showi hate to see such bad ratings for  @ nbc
the americanus airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares
trump national golf club charlotte is the premiere club in north carolina 
 @ mistdriscoll  thanks see you tomorrow
via  @ theblaze :  donald trump on how rubio should have drank his water 
 @ bryanbrager  # 1  be passionate if you love what you're doing success will follow with passion discouragement can't take hold
 @ cynlanjoh keep up the good work cynthia
 @ moorereva  good never give up !
take responsibility for yourselfit's a very empowering attitude
 @ andresrojas35 thank you andy and best wishes to you
obama vacationing in west palm beach starting tomorrow he should play a round at trump int'l golf club rated course in florida
in my office with banana joe who just won the  @ wkcdogs at  @ msgnyc 
 @ gop need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican
really enjoyed my interview with  @ marklevinshow he is terrific !
“donald trump on mark levin :  karl rove is one of the most overrated people in politics” 
“do not pray for easy lives pray to be stronger men” – pres john f kennedy
 @ marrscat sounds like a good idea to me !
 @ braggtina thanksread my books they can help
 @ captainndiet  it will be great !
what a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending 
speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in charlotte arena this saturday morning—look forward to it !
 @ thejbish  @ billmaher you are right but i always believe in hitting backand thanks
 @ 79rose79 i was never a big fan of bushhe gave us obama
 @ mamababyhood  work hard focus be persistent and think smart
looking forward to being interviewed on the  @ marklevinshow tonight at 6 : 30  pm  est  be sure to listen !
marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech !
pay attention to global  news  and develo pm entsin today's world that is a requirement not an elective
“the harder you work the luckier you  get”  gary player
 @ amitchellmo recognize the opportunity focus on it and don't give up luck is often earned
 @ eddiecash23 great and best of luck !
 @ justinjacosalem thanksbut they should get a life
“successful people don't have fewer problemsthey have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward” dr benjamin carson
ny should frack now what’s the hold up ? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class ?
 @ scottjfata i like joe paterno and his family
 @ traceybabe8  work hard and keep at it !
 @ carsenadeline yes absolutely there are always opportunities and therefore hope good luck carsen !
the president’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare the republicans don’t know how to handle that—i do
will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved ? will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent
great  news    @ tppatriots are starting their own super pac to fight  @ karlrove 
always pretend that you’re working for yourself you’ll do a wonderful job it’s simple but it works
magician extraordinaire  @ pennjillette is back in the allstar  @ apprenticenbc this time he has even more tricks up his sleeve
the new course at trump international scotland will be a par72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630
my doral country club purchase was made just before miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing !
going to charlotte nc to speak before more than 20000 people on saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great !
a mediocre person tells a good person explains a superior person demonstrates
 @ karlrove is far more to blame for obama's victory than the tea party
thanks to donald trump 
“donald trump :  ‘karl rove is a total loser’ so why are people still giving him money ?”  
why does  @ karlrove lie about his reagan credentials ? 
i don’t like bullies  i am not going to stand around and watch  @ karlrove target the tea party  karl rove gave us barack obama loser
congratulations to my friend  @ roccomediate on winning the big golf tournament today !
 @ billmaher's so called show on hbo must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television it sucks !
dummy  @ billmaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which i accepted hopefully charity gets $5m dollars
 @ hoylier i was never a fan or defender of bush
 @ macbenz46  @ southsalem but he will get it !
 @ bgoldsmith26 yes if they fight !
 @ karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to ashley judd—simply increases her profile
can you imagine if bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of americans ? ! democrats are such hypocrites
the past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since wwii 
china keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense  why do our leaders continually let china run all over us ?
hagel committee vote has been postponed as hagel refuses to disclose all his finances 
 @ saseret12  true and thank you
 @ aaapgs  thank you nice work
 @ colenechia116  thanks colenevery nice ! keep up the good work
 @ erikcantu even better government kills by drones but we can't even own guns  thanks erik
 @ pizzaman77 in retrospect i agree with you
“if we ever forget that we are one nation under god then we will be a nation gone under” ronald reagan feb 6 1911–june 5 2004
my  @ tmz interview with  @ harveylevintmz discussing how i will see my $5m lawsuit against  @ billmaher to the end 
now arod is claiming that  @ mlb and  @ yankees are out to get him' 
 @ mfbrooklyn true and thank you
be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally that's good business
oh the wonders of the arab spring our new 'ally' the muslim brotherhood hosted ahmadinejad yesterday 
happy 102nd birthday to president ronald reagan every day that passes reagan's presidency looks better and better
 @ zwlykins  @ johnnypaulcole  what are the dates for the hotel stay ?
wow no longer saturday delivery from us postal service no money our poor poor country !
 @ bahia6085 true and thank you
 @ derekpringle2 appears that you are
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse !
 @ nickburrell  the art of the deal
thanks  @ sherrieshepherd 4 your nice comments today on the view u were terrific !
“don't bunt aim out of the ball park aim for the company of immortals”  david ogilvy
the big and highly respected cooley llp is handling the  @ billmaher case for me
 @ massbucketry then why do you follow me dummy !
 @ brendamckinley  they were amazing thanks !
 @ drewmillington actually too many to pick one
wise words from my mother :   “trust in god and be true to yourself”  mary macleod trump
wise words from my father :   “know everything you can about what you’re doing”   fred c trump
gas prices are going up big league—i told you so—payback to opec !
 @ tsecor sorry have to be a member
“surround yourself with people who are smarter than you”   @ unclerush
victoria's secret reps were nasty to  @ kateupton and now she is doing great
china is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a texas shale oil and gas field 
be sure to listen to my interview today w/ @ stevemtalk on  @  news maxmedia 
 @ asklepios333 true and not good !
 @ vuyolwethumanka thank you very much
i am very proud of my friend  @ omarosa despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming allstar  @ apprenticenbc
 @ billmaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today i will sue him
remain open to new ideas that's where innovation comes from
 @ chiamboy8  thanks for your kind thoughts i love si
bad  @ gallup news  survey shows 30 of businesses not hiring they are worried they won’t be around in a year 
little  @ macmiller—i have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference
see ungrateful little  @ macmiller’s statement to me a year ago— 
little  @ macmiller i’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance you ungrateful dog !
little  @ macmiller you illegally used my name for your song “donald trump” which now has over 75 million hits
yes i will give my  @ superbowl pick tomorrow  watch  @ katherinewebb cover it on  @ insideedition
 @ ktsarita  good ideas and hard work !
just did an interview with my friend  @ marksimoneny  congratulations to mark on his new show on  @ wor710
little  @ macmiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “donald trump” such a big hit mac you still 
 @ jeffcdl  that is indeed true !
 @ cjohnson623  only one of but thanks !
i don’t know why the  @ yankees keep paying arod—they have a perfect out
 @ phatsdad  thanks rogerali was and is great !
 @ firefighter8597  i love that idea !
 @ raydelmusic  that's greatyou will love what we are doing !
glad to hear  @ ewerickson has moved over to  @ fox news  erick is a sharp political analyst
 @ alexsalmond see attached article very frightening to people living around these monstrosities 
immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country ! sounds like that’s what’s happening
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero !
randy moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was  @ jerryrice !
 @ largemarv74  @ yankees  not even close but that doesn't matter !
 @ leesport7  thanksthey are working on it
arod is now being investigated for continued doping 
“if you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success”  john d rockefeller
 @ letendrelarry  larry send the money to police athletic league nyc
“a leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone”  henry a kissinger
here i am with whitney houston at a party at maralago 
i wonder how  @ joebiden feels after last night’s love fest between obama and hilary on  @ 60minutes can’t be too happy
is gov  @ bobbyjindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the republicans ?
gov  @ bobbyjindal referred to the republicans as “the stupid party” now he has given dems a phrase to use
“60 minutes” treats president obama with kid gloves mike wallace is spinning in his grave !
maybe i’m old fashioned but i don’t like seeing women in combat
president obama's inaugural had record low ratings what does that portend ?
 @ lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of  @ celebapprentice allstars our fans love her
wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines
got to know senator  @ johnkerry in aspen colorado years ago—a very solid and standup guy
bought  @ johndeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—i love their product and service
wow the alis just nominated my purchase of doral in miami as transaction of the year—thanks !
 @ alyx518  and many other countries !
 @ drakefrisby   but i doubt it !
watch obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term
the  @ nytimes was very nice in reporting that  @ celebapprentice was  # 1 on all television for “top brand impact 2012” thank you !
today’s assignment :  read chapter three of think big “basic instincts” focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street
 @ cynthiawebster he had very bad advice
 @ elliotg1959 have a great time at a great place !
by continuing to give massive subsidies to scotland’s ugly wind turbines  @ davidcameron is playing right into  @ alexsalmond’s hands
today’s assignment :  read chapter 7 ‘trump tower :  the tiffany location’ of the art of the deal focus on how i marketed the property
almost every television network wants me badly—but i stay loyal to  @ nbc
top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for  @ celebapprentice
 @ billmaher has not yet sent me the $5m he owes which i am giving to various charities come on bill—you made a deal
 @ gzervs  work hard be focused and keep your momentum at full speed
 @ dtrainyc  work hard and thanks
in 2010 alone our trade deficit with china cost over 566000 jobs 
health insurance premiums are rising by double digits 
congratulations to  @ netanyahu on his electoral victory  he will now be the longest serving  @ israeli pm   a great leader
be sure to read my column in  @ cnni “europe is terrific place for investment” 
“i can accept failure everyone fails at something but i can't accept not trying” – michael jordan
scary over 8332000 americans left the work force during obama's first term 
watch this great behind the scenes video of  @ ivankatrump's spring 2013 photo shoot 
 @ jeffjarvis  you were a terrible editor who got fired ?and you were wrong
 @ selfminted you do and thanks
 @ mscijihenderson midas touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests
 @ tubby511  @ barackobama  he is too smart to do that !
republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now !
the president’s speech was very combative toward republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect !
glad to hear  @ insideedition has hired  @ katherinewebb to cover  @ superbowl  she will be absolutely terrific ! miss usa pageant is proud
wownyt reports  @ celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012
 @ katherinewebb with some of my memorabilia 
 @ amalfas  she can't but i adore her
 @ deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving ?
dummies  @ deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media
 @ deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized !
te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid
the interview was great for  @ oprah and terrible for lance armstrong !
you wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful  @ katherinewebb is 6'5 in heels she is also a total winner in 
miss alabama  @ katherinewebb stopped by to say hello today 
trump doral’s renovations are right on schedule 
 @ boeing stock went way down because of 787 so i just bought stock in  @ boeing great company !
i'll bet lance armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with oprah he's saying to himself what was i thinking ?
 @ hbo should fire  @ billmaher and bring back  @ dennisdmz someone that is actually funny
or mentally troubled or a con
lance armstrong was given veryvery bad advice !
journal  news  readership is already down 50 percent over the years
 @ meemawbellefleu thank you i did !
does anyone remember this  @ billmaher clip when he got fired from abc in fact fired like a dog ! 
 @ protagonisthero he brought them on himself !
china watched obama’s press conference yesterday salivating  we will be borrowing trillions more from them
we’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year
“do your homework before you invest  a dumb investor is a dead investor”  – think like a billionaire
 @ janeygodley  no held up to storm very well
unlike us china taxes things made in the us and sold in china china demands plants we don’t stupid !
“i don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom”  george s patton
if someone says “i’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet it’s pay up time
it is snowing in jerusalem and across lebanon  global warming !
still waiting for a response from  @ billmaher  does he even have $5 million ?
 @ nbc did a great job last night with the  @ goldenglobes !
back by popular demand  @ latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice she is fierce in the board room !
is  @ billmaher the dumbest man on television ?—i think so
dopey  @ billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—i hope he has $5 million for charity
i am a handwriting analyst jack lew’s handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing
i can’t believe  @ denverbroncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play i have ever seen in football
peyton manning should have passed on 3rd down !
congratulations to bob kraft and coach bill belichick for having built an amazing team  @ patriots
congratulations to tom brady  @ patriots  he is a great quarterback and a great champion !
wow i have just exceeded 2 million followersand in such a short time !
“if you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it”  jerry bruckheimer
i can’t wait to donate  @ billmaher’s $5 million to charity  just waiting on  @ billmaher to send me the money
“if you’re still in school pay attention  education is a money machine”  – think like a billionaire
the baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice with  @ stephenbaldwin  stephen does great
 @ tonytuanvu  thank you and good luck
people love gossip it's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going   @ theellenshow
new rule for  @ billmaher :  check the law before you make a public absolute offer
katherine webb gets a donald trump job offer says she's 'shocked' about the attention  
 @ nba hall of famer  @ dennisrodman brings his a game in the 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice  this time dennis is a star !
i will be doing  @ hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 o’clock will be interesting and tough !
chuck hagel :  wrong for defense 
the charities i have designated for  @ billmaher's donations are :  police athletic leaguenew york march of dimes hurricane sandy victims
american cancer society and the dana farber cancer center
i have accepted  @ billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity made on the  @ jayleno show
 @ billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the  @ jayleno show—i’ve never seen him like that !
 @ adam4integrity  true  @ gretawire is great at what she does
 @ samco42  no but i hate incompetence
 @ schutzhund007  greati would rather it be hereby far
the iranians are sure happy with obama’s nomination of hagel  already praising hagel as ‘antiisrael’ 
congratulations to  @ alabamaftbl on winning the bcs championship last night !
 @ frankmdavisjr  you are right
trump invitational at maralago was a huge success  raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in palm beach
 @ nypatriots4life  thanks and happy new year
 @ jacksback2009 thanks jack and happy new year
 @ realkylemorris  you will love it !
“spend your time enjoying your big dreams”   think big
 @ nicksteinmetz  try never give up for lessons in tenacity
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling
 @ sldewey  but a bad one !
 @ cambriacravy  i told you so !
 @ markghuneim  something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen
great to see sec clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with  @ chelseaclinton and pres clinton  glad she is recuperating
“think of yourself as a oneman army  you’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well” – think like a billionaire
the boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice premieres march 3rd on  @ nbc !
 @ sarahb205 i get you !
 @ drjoyschaffer i fully understand your question
 @ jimmyscissor  isn't that so true ! and by the millions
 @ gretawire gretadon't let it get you downyou are a winner and tina is not
congrats to  @ governorcorbetthe's right to be suing  @ ncaa over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of penn state 
this ‘deal’  @ rnc voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts  it is pathetic  obama is laughing at them
obama's deal raises taxes on 77 of national households  with obama care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term
 @ gop’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about
congratulations to  @ robinroberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery  robin is a special person
the party of the year in palm beach was the new year's eve celebration at the maralago clubit was amazing 
my  @ foxandfriends interview from monday discussing obama’s tone going over the curb and republican debt ceiling card 
what is mitch mcconnell thinking ?make the big deal !
 @ earther57  sounds niceand thanks happy new year to you and yours
visiting new york city ?  make sure to skate in the world famous trump rink in central park 
“leverage :  don’t make deals without it” – the art of the deal
spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom
true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that's what courage is   gen norman schwarzkopf 19342012
republicans remember—debt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceiling—be smart and you will win !
back by popular demand the fabulous  @ liljon returns to the record setting 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice  the fans love him !
congratulations to  @ flgovscott  the state is really making progress  and fast !
donald trump :  gop has ‘nuclear weapon’ in fiscal cliff negotiation but they don’t know it 
my monday  @ foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards 
 @ earther57 sounds like the best place !
 @ nbc really happy with how well the  # missuniverse pageant went
“deals are my art form  i like making deals preferably big deals” – the art of the deal
dopey  @ rosiei never went bankruptabc already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the pastthey didn't want a lawsuit
 @ rosieif america's got talent uses you the show will fail like all your others !
 @ nc777ww  he is a loser who will selfdestruct  just like  @ rosie !
our new  @ missuniverse olivia culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished  she is a wonderful role model
 @ klisitsin  the art of the deal
 @ krystiandior the apprentice will be great !
ratings for  # missuniverse pageant were highest in 4 years  @ nbc likes me and i like them !
china is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' 
 @ jnorr11  good reason for a celebration
 @ grantrebhun   hard work but fun
 @ oxsapphirexo  @ vanityfair  no that dope graydon carter has hit on me for 25 years his magazines always fail see spy
 @ random5   you can and you willwork hard
the  # missuniverse women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women !
the  # missuniverse pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far !
pageant people are really talking about venezuela brazil mexico usa india australia
okay i think i’m going to do it—i’ll open the miss universe pageant as santa tonight at 8  pm  on  @ nbc
 @ vanityfair looks like a dying magazine ! really really boring really really thin !
i hope newtown ct can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy !
miss universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever !
“courage is contagious when a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened” – rev  @ billygraham
 @ toddjoldbull  it's a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it
thousands of fans have been sending letters to trump tower in anticipation of  @ celebapprentice  really good show
“all the things i love is what my business is all about”   @ marthastewart
watching pyongyang terrorize asia today is just amazing !
the gorgeous contestants of trump miss universe are so excited to be simulcast on both  @ nbc and  @ telemundo  will be a beautiful show !
argyll grandmother takes uk and eu to the united nations over plans to turn scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog'   
…you can enhance location through promotion and work
it’s tuesday  how many more customers has glenfiddich lost today ?
the uk is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies good  news  killing country
some dope tweeted my message to my friend bill belichick incorrectlythey called him bob sorry bill patriots
good luck to bob kraft tom brady and coach bill belichick tonight
the lunatics in congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from congress last week 
great knockout on saturday by juan manuel marquez on manny pacquiao  a great fight !
dopey sugar  @ lordsugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool
dopey sugar  @ lordsugar you should thank me for having created the platform on which you became knownthe apprentice say thank you donald
dopey sugar— @ lordsugar  isn’t it sad that my golf course in scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are !
dopey sugar  @ lordsugar  bad ratingscome on keep making me moneyremember i own your show
dopey sugar  @ lordsugar  i hear your ratings last week were at an all time lowyou better get them up or you'll be fired
dopey sugar  @ lordsugar  i never go silent i was buying a major property in floridaa property worth more than you are !
sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of ritz carlton in jupiter florida—just bought it will be great !
i just retained sir nick faldo to be the architect of the red course at doralhe will do a tremendous job !  @ nickfaldo006
dopey   @ lordsugar  i'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanutswithout my show nobody would even know who you are
dopey  @ lordsugar  people are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets
 @ lordsugar  you need the income from the show to keep goinghope it doesn't hurt
“there are 2 things i’ve found i’m very good at :  overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work”–the art of the deal
 @ lordsugar  nice call on predicting that the ipod would be dead finished gone kaput 
dopey sugar @ lordsugar  your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the apprentice  keep making me money
sugar  @ lordsugar  why don't you tell the public what you're really worththey would be very disappointed
sugar  @ lordsugar—you should say thank you donald like a good little boy 
 @ lordsugar  @ piersmorgan  sugar if you taught piers morgan he never would have won !
dopey  @ lordsugar—look in the mirror and thank the real lord that donald trump exists you are nothing !
 @ piersmorgan  @ lordsugar   i easily could but as long as sugar is making me money it's my show i won'tunlike sugar i'm not stupid !
 @ johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name—it is only a fiscal curb ! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff will be interesting !
how can george osborne reduce uk debt while spending billions to subsidize scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country ?
when i renovated wollman rink in central park it came in $750000 under budget
 @ sinnerofa10shun  work hard and love what you do !
all the contestants have arrived to compete in trump miss universe pageant in las vegas today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific !
25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name—it is only a fiscal curb ! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliffand that will be interesting !
speaker  @ johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing !
 @ hop pm ar  so do most smart people !
“christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful”  norman vincent peale
 @ karlrove is such an embarrassment that  @ fox news  is keeping him off air 
“i don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect” – donald j trump 'midas touch'
the record 13th season of ‘all star’  @ celebapprentice features the return of the beautiful  @ brandenroderick the fans love her !
we are getting rid of all glenfiddich garbage alcohol from trump properties
tell ‘top scot’ michael forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to scotland
the stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an alltime highgreat goinggreat product !
 @ danabrams editor of  @ mediaite explained on radio this morning that i am so widely covered because i draw high interest true !
 @ redskins qb  @ rgiii is a very special player  he is exciting to watch and smart on the field  amazing talent
congratulations to david wright on signing a long term extension with the  @ mets  david is an exceptional player and person
 @ ld06981p  larry thank you and keep up the great work !
 @ alkiwaves thanks it will be great
michael forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company glenfiddich gave him scot of the year award
comic  @ sethmeyers21 bombed at university of texas at arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—i told you so !
i take great pride watching skaters enjoy the  # trump rink in central park from my officeworld's best skating rink 
“attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference”  winston churchill
i am watching the new york mayoral race very closely…
karl rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400m—not one win—the republicans better get smart next time
i am very proud of  @ ivankatrump for her work with  @ cookies4kids   @ cookies4kids is a great cause helping children 
“trump brand expands to south america :  the donald lends his name to luxury tower in uruguay” 
i'll be honored  at the family business dynasties gala in nyc on december 5th it will be a great event for a great cause
thank you to  @ ivankatrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on  @ foxandfriends
nypd officer larry deprimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness 
 @ tarikan11 motivation is key so is momentum
congratulations to  @ fox news  for winning november in the cable  news  rating race with 9 of 10 top shows 
team trump with the recipients of our donations in the rockaways   # sandy 
golf odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named trump international golf links scotland golf course of the year
back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘all star’  @ celebapprentice features the return of  @ bretmichaels  our fans will be happy
  @ bbc news ’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of bbci know personally they do not check for accuracy
as a favor to my friends at extra i am cohosting tonight at 7  pm  on  @ nbc
steven spielberg is a great filmmaker go see lincoln
the trump tower restaurant trump grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible “a” – the food is also great !
scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines  @ alexsalmond is becoming very unpopular
a look at the trump hotel planned for the old post office pavilion 
fm  @ alexsalmond of scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit ryder cup in chicagopeanuts compared to his windmill folly
great that pres o is seeing  @ mittromney today—lots of good things can happen
networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine” ! –but time i run a really big company !
visiting la ?  be sure to make a reservation at trump national golf club 
“the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said”  peter drucker
gabriel aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag always drama with halle b !
susan rice is a good woman but pres o should not taunt the republicans by appointing her s of s
be sure to visit the world renowned trump tower atrium to see our holiday decorations
treasury has refused to name china a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” 
anthony hopkins is a truly great actori love everything he does !
 @ louiswalshxfact  @ celebapprentice  @ traceadkins  they raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it
china just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a us design 
us tourists threaten to boycott scotland over windfarms' 
 @ nathalies29  this will be the best season yetmarch 3rd is the premiere
 @ paulbocian thanks it was wonderful
glad to see my interview with ronald kessler  @  news maxmedia hopefully the  @ gop can get the message
 @ huffingtonpost actually gave me a positive story yesterday !
glad to see 9 more iraq and afghan war veterans joining the next congress 
in war there is no substitute for victory  douglas macarthur
windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil 
congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london
on december 19th the  @ missuniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers  @ nbc
direct foreign investments continue to flow into china at over $100b a year 
pres obama’s steady support of  @ israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war  he did a good job
 @ latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming all star season of  @ celebapprentice  amazing in the boardroom
we are not retreatingwe are advancing in another direction   douglas macarthur
 @ kabarzombie69   it will be great !
 @ manospanos  love what you do !
if everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking george s patton
obama met with chinese premier wen yesterday 
france was just stripped of its aaa bond rating  with the  pm s radical tax rates
we should remember that during this entire petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation's bravest have died in afghanistan
“we are fully supportive of  @ israel's right to defend itself”   @ barackobamavery good i like it
petraeus is already negotiating a book deal  
the world bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ 
don't take vacations  what's the point ?  if you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job   think like a billionaire
rapper mac miller's song donald trump has reached close to 72 million hits he owes me big !
all because of me people don’t care about you cher  @ cher my week on twitter 1k retweets  29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions
 @ chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better !
 @ laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show !
“trump could be great friend if ‘second amendment’ enthusiasm is real” 
congratulations to  @ mets  @ radickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award !
 @ laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show !
a house divided against itself cannot stand abraham lincoln
 @ korkyelmst  you are very nice thank you
 @ dxerebl  they must actually like me !
 @ jenke2501  i understand your message
 @ rcvenables it is thanks
“all our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them” – walt disney
yesterday the christmas tree arrived at rockefeller plaza  an iconic event for new york !
golf bookings for next season on scottish course are already double our projections for april opening—great  news  
announced 3 years ago that scottish course would close in winter like kingsbarns and otherstoo cold
just signed contract to purchase the ritz carlton in jupiter floridagreat land great location great future !
 @ cher old story one of which i publicly disapproved my sons love hunting i don’t
busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs
obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of obama care 
trump towers istanbul sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks  
the upcoming record 13th season of  @ celebapprentice is going to be very special  our production team's ingenuity is amazing
“the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary” – vince lombardi
 @ cheri don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine and i promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work
general petreus and his family are paying a big price !
paula broadwell's book on gen petreus is titled all in did she know something ?
our $17t national debt and $1t yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order
the sex scandal at the cia and pentagon is rapidly unfoldinggetting more interesting by the minute !
 @ maddow  standing in front of wind turbines is sad rachel windmills are terrible for the environment—
they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines they are obsolete !  @ maddow
my fragrancesuccess is flying off the shelves  @ macys the perfect christmas gift !
 @ davidaxelrod  davidthank you my great honor for a very worthy cause !
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective”  andrew mellon
scary – in the past 90 days obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens 
no surprise that  @ bbc is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism  any network that air’s  @ antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility
the people of scotland love trump international golf links
aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great scottish golf club 
thanks many are saying i'm the best 140 character writer in the world it's easy when it's fun
i just passed a 10 block long gas line going to lga airport a terrible situation !
everybody wants me to talk about robert pattinson and not brian williams—i guess people just don’t care about brian !
price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallonwelcome to the new world
 @ cyndilauper condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes
 @ antbaxter only the stupid  @ bbc would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble
 @ antbaxter  i predict somebody is going to sue you !
china is heavily investing in building its own jet engine 
china's submarines will soon be carrying nukes 
obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects us credit downgraded again 
i will and i agree ! rt  @ zacharyquinto @ realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money so why don't you make a difference instead ? !
russian leaders are publicly celebrating obama's reelection  they can't wait to see how flexible obama will be now
a test :  tweet me the reason  @ billmaher was fired from  @ abc other than his bad ratings
 @ hardballchris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane ! with many people dying and thousands hurting msnbc cont 
thank you to joe passov travelin’ joe of golf magazine for the great article… 
now that the election is over watch chrysler ship  @ jeep production to chinamy prediction
the stock market and us dollar are both plunging today  welcome to  @ barackobama’s second term
congrats to  @ karlrove on blowing $400 million this cycle every race  @ crossroadsgps ran ads in the republicans lost what a waste of money
pervert alert   @ repweiner is back on twitter all girls under the age of 18 block him immediately
 @ bwilliamswouldn't you love to have my ratings ?
trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hardhit rockaways residents  # sandy
i’ve sent a 10wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of queens today  # trumpcares
ps 42 in queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for rockaway residents  # hurricanesandyrelief
house of representatives shouldn't give anything to obama unless he terminates obamacare
our nation is a once great nation divided !
 @ dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on access hollywood you are a great person and talenti adore you !
i love show law and order but the  @ mrbelzer casting is the worst ever no talentunwatchable !
watch obama refuse to call benghazi a terrorist attack on 912 
save medicare  vote for  @ mittromney  he will repeal obamacare on day one
very dangerous pattern developing across country by obama supporters  detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun 
the new black panthers are back at the same philly polling station from '08 
watch this behind the scenes video of  @ ivankatrump's fall 2012 collection photo shoot 
remember :  obama turned down $5m to charity which i said i would increase by 10x to $50mjust to show simple records he's hiding lots !
the apprentice was the  # 1 show on television last season on sunday from 10 to 11  congratulations donald !
despite the upcoming election the cover of paperthin time magazine looks like an ad for the movie lincolnsad !
before you vote think :  obama wants to raise taxes  @ mittromney wants to lower taxesneed i say more !
 @ abfalecbaldwin  ps your brother  @ stephenbaldwin7 is doing very well on  @ apprenticenbcand he stated he adores you
voting for  @ govgaryjohnson is voting for obamadon't waste your vote !
tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country  make america strong again  vote for  @ mittromney
after 13 seasons  @ apprenticenbc easily beat shark tank in ratings last year better demos as well
i believe in the america that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself   @ mittromney 11212
don't believe chrysler if obama winssee how fast  @ jeep production will be moved to chinaand i'll be watching !
 @ mcuban when apprentice became the  # 1 show on tv you tried copying me with the benefactor a complete and total ratings disaster for  @ abc
obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75x faster than job production 
we can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming china is thrilled with us !
thank you to  @ piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the  @ hollywoodreporter  
 @ ralphreed is doing a great job !
 @ mittromney will turn this mess around !
trump hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victimswe love doing it !
obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years 4 more years ? ?
pennsylvania is in play  @ mittromney all undecideds in philly suburbs should ask themselves  who do you trust most on  @ israel ?
considering obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete if he wins he won’t have a mandate  another 4 years of legislative stalemate
castro chavez and ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results  they are praying obama wins
make sure to catch  @ history’s season finale of “the men who built america” on sun november 11th  great show
reality tv’s  # 1 bad girl  @ omarosa is back on the upcoming 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice   she is great as always
obama has destroyed the middle class  in ’09 median household income was $55198  now it is $50678  four more years ?
i have an idea for arodbuy a home at  @ trumpgolfla overlooking the pacificwill bring you better luck
arod is now looking for an expensive home in beverly hillswhy aren't the  @ yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation ?
interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for obama's reelection because of his grandstanding
 @ thereval came to my trump tower office to apologize for calling me a racistvery nice apology accepted !
 @ ralphgilles of chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy languagenot very professional
we should not allow  @ chrysler to move  @ jeep jobs to china after they said they wouldn'tstay tuned !
my video response to president obama's lack of transparency 
press release video response to follow 
president obama missed the deadline !
obama is a terrible negotiator he bails out chrysler and now chrysler wants to send all jeep manufacturing to chinaand will !
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china ?  he is ruining american industry
do you believe  @ algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane ?
from 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast
it's 10 am :  two hours to go for obama to easily pick up millions for charity !
thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the trump tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of  # sandy my honor
spoiler @ dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of  @ celebapprentice
looking at the figures and plans behind  @ disney's acquisition of lucas film makes you realize how stupid  @ aol cont 
 @ disney's acquisition of lucas film is a smart deal for both sides  disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue
in the spirit of transparency obama should immediately release the 911 tape of tyrone woods pleading for military support in benghazi
an amazing article by kevin gabriel  
kevin garnett's response to ray allen last night was that of a great competitornothing wrongin fact it was terrific a champion !
i was standing with  @ shaq when a young high school star kevin garnett  @ celtics said to a crowd forget shaq i want to meet donald trump
watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallonphoto :  lloyd bishop/nbc 
fans shouldn't worry  we have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of  @ celebapprentice appropriately due to the storm
scary  obama and the democrat senate have accrued over $5t worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years  4 more years ?
 @ digiphile  @ redcross rt if you think presobama should release his records to get $5m for charityfor red cross or another great charity
glad to hear that  @ taylorswift13 will be cohosting the grammy nominations special on 125  taylor is terrific !
without focus it's just impossible to be successful at anything midas touch
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing the 57th st crane damage from the storm and extending my $5m offer to obama 
my  @ extratv interview before hurricane sandy explaining that i would be staying in trump tower during the storm 
these last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4 gdp obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in american history
the election is trending towards  @ mittromney americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline
remember this :  obama wants to raise taxes  @ mittromney wants to lower taxesneed i say more !
don't let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states
because of the hurricane i am extending my 5 million dollar offer for president obama's favorite charity until 12 pm  on thursday
all weights are on crane's wrong side   very precarious below move out !
if authorities need direct view from top of trump tower call office
direct view of crane from apartment window crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze 
i guess  @ billmaher saw my ratings on the  @ lateshow the other night where letterman beat leno bill you are no letterman
 @ bernardmcguirk that's more than o'reilly did and he is supposed to be my friend you're terrific !
 @ bernard mcguirk thanks for being so nice and defending me on o'reillyyou're terrific !
before star jones begged me to put her on the apprentice she was “professionally dead” i saved her tiny 
i hear they are very unhappy w/ arianna and  @ huffingtonpost at  @ aol i’ll bet she won’t be there for long !
donald trump tells  @ theblaze about his obama announcement :  passport applications tell you a lot 
watch obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer no one approves cont 
sarah jessica parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – i agree she said “it’s beneath me to comment on the 
looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's dutchess county  # gop dinnerto a sold out crowd it will be great fun
by the way where is  @ oprah ? good question 4 years ago she strongly supported obamanow she is silent anyway who cares i adore oprah
colin powell thought iraq has weapons of mass destruction
the election is still close but trending toward  @ mittromney he leads all national polls and obama's likeability is imploding vote !
a clip from last night's  @ lateshow where i detail my charitable offer to obama and dave describes his terrible grades 
what a dumb mistake aol made buying the  @ huffingtonpost how much longer will arianna lasti predict not much
dopey arianna  @ huffingtonpost is really after meboring story after boring storybut i hear she is in big trouble !
 @ seketa77  i hope so for the charity's sake
 @ lianneonlife i love the wounded warriorsobama should choose that as his $5m charity
 @ ryanseven sounds like a good idea
yesterday barack obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in china 
trump offers to donate $5 million to charity if obama releases college transcripts 
 @ politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting
 @ marksanchez shouldn’t be too upset over  @ evalongoria  he will always do great !
how does  @ michellemalkin get a conservative platform ? she is a dummyjust look at her past
i am happy to have started  # obamasfavoritecharity really enjoying reading everyone's tweets
glad to hear north carolina is solid for  @ mittromney  it started trending for mitt solidly after my speech at the  @ ncgop convention
obama has no problem leaking national security secrets  why can't he release his records ?  especially when $5m is going to charity
i just learned that  @ politico has no credibilitytotal phonies that don't report the truth a puppet of obama ?
glad to hear  @ seanhannity supports my offer to obama  as sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity  what does obama have to lose ?”
virtually all presidents and candidates including john mccain bill clinton george hw bush and george w bush 
all predictions re :  my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect  stay tuned !
story will be released today at 12 noon est on twitter and facebook
thank you to  @ dailytelegraph reviewer  @ neilmidgley who stated 'you've been trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters
 @ bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night i only wish mitt was more aggressive !
mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin laden’s killing not the president
casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view  steven spielberg
 @ mittromney looks much calmer and obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward
former obama white house economic adviser  @ austangoolsbee gave his old boss a 'c' on the economy 
i look forward to  @ mittromney hitting obama hard tonight for lying about benghazi cia told obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs
obama is an easy target on foreign policy @ mittromney has many openings to attack especially when obama starts bragging about bin laden
the brass in  # trump tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork i keep the atrium impeccable key to its success !
my son don and his wife vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named spencer frederick very thrilling
don't let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get electedbe careful republicans !
autism rates through the roofwhy doesn't the obama administration do something about doctorinflicted autism we lose nothing to try
derek get well soon the  @ yankees need youl
gas prices are at crazy levelsfire obama !
don butler and executives are doing a great job at  @ cadillac the cars are fantastic
fort hood shooting should be declared a terror attack respect the wounded and dead
derek jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in trump world tower
78 unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterdayreal unemployment is at least 15
can't wait for  @ vanityfair to fold which under graydon carter will be sooner rather than later
 @ vanityfair's terrible piece on mitt's faith is a new low even for them
where were all the  @ vanityfair exposes on when rev wright disciples go to washington ?  sad !
rev  @ billygraham is a great man and so is his son franklin graham
both barack and  @ mittromney were excellent at the al smith dinner last night !
newly released nh poll has  @ mittromney with a 1 point lead mitt will pull away next week
maybe derek jeter should ask arod about renting his apartment next year very soon arod won't need a place in nyc
 @ stu120 no sadly not even close !
my interview with  @ ingrahamangle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 78 number is a fraud 
 @ katyperry is no bargain but i don't like john mayerhe dates and tellsbe careful katy just watch !
 @ mittromney did a great job last night watch the clip ! 
great decision by donald graham  @  news week to sell i'll now have to take my  news week covers off the wall
something really bad happened to the  @ yankees psychemuch like our president !
 @ yankees should get rid of arod asapi can't watch this guy anymore !
i'll be making a major announcement on president obama next weekstay tuned !
a penny saved is a penny earned  benjamin franklin
 @ moraliarch great to meet you also
 @ neanderthalman1  @ mittromney  i was referring of course to bill clinton's statement on the economy
my trump home mattress collection by serta is setting recordsthey are really phenomenal you can order them at 
it's thursday how much money did barack obama waste today on crony green energy projects ?
bad sign for obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states their internals must be horrendous
while the next season of  @ celebapprentice is packed w/ all stars ours fans will be happy to see  @ joanrivers in the board roomshe is back !
derek jeter  @ yankees wants to rent an apartment derekonly in a trump buildingtrump is lucky for you
i think the  @ yankees will win today unlike arod.c.s good under pressure i hope arod plays however
 news week ending print editionsad now my  news week covers mean nothingthey lost all credibility time to follow ?
 @ loveandgarbage  dopeywho went bankrupt you ? i never did
 @ womenzbinder check the records dummyi was never a bush ii fanhe is why we have obama !
lots of response to my pattinson/kristen stewart reunion she will cheat again100 certainam i ever wrong ?
when we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years  @ mittromney
obama's spending and borrowing is burying america and destroying our children's future does he even care ?
greatnow supreme court justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone 
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth
initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped see what happens when i am not mentioned
 @ billrancic  bill you should have named your beautiful son donald
joe girardi  @ yankees must play his starters even arod they got you there
 @ mittromney scored last night on both substance and style
really enjoyed discussing  @ yankees yesterday with  @ realmicihaelkay i am a long time yankee fan
do you believe barack hussein obama aka barry soetoro looked like a president last night ? i don't !
verlander pitched great but  @ yankees look truly defeated
stupid george will gave  @ mittromney no chance 3 months ago take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy
obama better than last time but again  @ mittromney wins good night  # debate
 @ mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems obama has no answer
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton he is no bill clinton
obama weak on immigration all words no action he's been prez 4 years
 @ mittromney looks much stronger and much more presidential !
 @ missusa  oliviawe love you you are doing a great job
good luck  @ mittromney tonighthave no doubt you will be great
congratulations to  @ jamesokeefeiii on exposing more democrat voter fraud   @ dnc was caught red handed telling people to vote twice
 @ reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican partyhope he gets the credit he deserves
 @ antbaxter i tried watching but fell asleep
 @ history's wonderful the men who built america with me on tonight at 9  bad timing i'll be live tweeting the debate
the coca cola company is not happy with methat's okay i'll still keep drinking that garbage
it's amazingmy weekly scheduled interviews on  @ fox news  and  @ cnbc draw the highest ratings and they get bigger week by weekthanks folks !
diet coke tweet had a monster responsedammit i wish the stuff worked
 @ antbaxter  your documentary died many deaths you have in my opinion zero talent
i can confirm the reports @ billrancic my first season winner will be returning to this allstar season of  @ celebapprentice
gov gary johnson pulling votes from  @ mittromneydon't waste your vote obama must go !
if  @ mittromney has a good debate tomorrow night obama is finished !
arod should donate his contract to charity he doesn't make the  @ yankees any money and he doesn't perform he is a $30m/yr rip off
i love  @ libertyuniversitysuch great people !
brooklyn nets have the worst uniform ever boring won't matter if they winwinning solves all problems cont 
yankees can win today kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher
roadway steel on beautiful verrazanonarrows bridge is rusting and rotting away scrape and paint before too late
i'll bet obama goes down just like washington because he doesn't use ourthis country's best people to win
leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality  warren g bennis
obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families the price of corn alone has risen over 200 since he was elected
 @ dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act
doing the  @ todayshow with  @ mlauer was great i really like matt
first minister of scotland released bomber of pan am flight  # 103 on compassionate grounds do you believe ?
 @ dennisrodman  @ apprenticenbc great to have you back for the best season yet !
going over to  @ todayshow now to introduce  @ apprenticenbc cast etc watch
pretty even debate no knockouts however ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger what do you think ?  # vpdebate
biden's statements on medicare are very effective ryan must now come back and combat  # vpdebate
biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching  # vpdebate
get ready this should be informative and fun !  # vpdebate
 @ lindamcmahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to dc support her campaign here 
another sign that  @ jackwelch is right new government labor report casts even more doubt on the september jobs data 
why does barack obama's ring have an arabic inscription ? 
it's thursday and only 26 days until the election how many illegal donations from china and saudi arabia did obama collect today ?
live tweeting during tonight's vp debateshould be a great time
i suspect  @ joebiden could do well tonight don't be fooled by his gaffes he is a seasoned and feisty debater
if  @ rihanna is dating  @ chrisbrown again then she has a death wish a beater is always a beaterjust watch !
$30m a year and arod is now relegated to the bench  @ yankees would have lost if girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th see my prediction
must read article on obama's illegal fundraising from abroad 
congratulations to  @ flgovscott on getting an a grade from  @ catoinstitute on his fiscal policy rick is a fantastic governor
consumer spending fell in september 
47m on food stamps over 23m americans unemployed 50 of college grads unemployed and obama wants us talking about big bird
has barack obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations ? media ?
remember obama limped across the finish linehe should have lost to hillary be careful !
 @ davidletterman  @ lateshow fully apologized last night for calling me a racist thank you davidwe are again friends
mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls postdebate shows that the american public can still spot a real winner
why isn't obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices ?
california gas prices going thru the roof others to follow an electionlosing event for obama
 @ carlosbeltran15 is playing great for st louis cardinals they made a wise decision
 @ jackwelch is correctthese reporters would not have been so brave while jack was running ge
our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's  @ celebapprentice our fans will be pleased
sleepy eyes  @ chucktodd  whenever you mention me unfairly i will likewise mention you
obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557b  it is actually double that at $11t 
obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses 
congratulations to  @ drewbrees on setting the  @ nfl record with 48 consecutive games with a td pass he is a great guy and player
sleepy eyes  @ chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter he is in the bag for obama he can't carry  @ jackwelch's jock
a record 4668m americans are now on food stamps 
my  @ foxandfriends interview discussing obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
looking forward to sunday’s speech in the excel centre 
 @ acuconservative's  # cpacco kept up the momentum from the debate  @ mittromney even made a surprise appearance now go win co !
now america knowsthe emperor has no clothes why would obama do better in a 2nd debate ?  # debate  # obama
bill clinton has been obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail
congrats to  @ yankees on finishing 1st in the al east derek jeter is greatgood luck in the playoffs !
 @ hightide1989 amazing is good too
the upcoming season of  @ celebapprentice will be terrifica great cast
now another obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' 
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary
 @ fstltd  @ tonyrobbins  will be a great event see you in london
 @ sethmacfarlane will be a great oscar host he did an amazing job at my  @ comedycentral roast
there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama cut over $700m to move into obamacare
in august 2012 obama said the so called arab spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'  
i'm always amazed when i travel to my foreign propertiesseeing the trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal
 @ escobedoantonio work hard and never give up !
i am very proud of ivanka !
my daughter ivanka is being honored by the wharton school of finance with the 2012 young leadership award also cont 
congratulations to barack obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
the cheap 12 inch sq marble tiles behind speaker at un always bothered me i will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me
where is the main stream media reporting on univision's new expose of fast and furious ? too busy looking at mitt's taxes ?
major mexican cartel boss el diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through fast and furious 
great to hear that  @ nfl legend and hall of famer john elway has endorsed  @ mittromney in colorado co is a must win state for mitt
under obama iran has taken over iraq al qaeda has taken over libya the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt worst  foreign policy ever
woody johnson's comments that he would rather have  @ mittromney win the election than his  @ nyjets win games shows real patriotism
a clip from  @ katieshow where i take  @ katiecouric's audience on the katie coach  
obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in virginia 
al qaeda taking over libya after we made it possiblereally amazing
venezuelan leader hugo chavez said in a television interview that aired on sunday if i were american i'd vote for obama
big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbsa big price to pay !
 # trumptower is one of the country's top tourist destinations
republicans and  @ mittromney must get tough very soon
only 36 days until the election  @ mittromney needs to stay on offense make obama's terrible record the issue  # timetogettough
in debate  @ mittromney should ask obama why autobiography states born in kenya raised in indonesia
american incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months 
it's amazing how different all of the polling results arenot an exact science
 @ jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday
obama is not working us manufacturing orders fell a record 139 in august where's the recovery ? 
watch this video for a look at our great course in los angeles rancho palos verdes
 @ lisalampanelli  you are terrific always great job on the apprentice
be tenacious being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once so it's a formidable combination
are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting ? pick up a  # trump suit  @ macys 
if you're going through hell keep going winston churchill
a resort in arizona is using sewage to make snow environmentalists are going crazyi won't be skiing in that snow
the full video of my  @ libertyu speech 
just bought the kluge estate in charlottesville virginia don't worry only business see washington post article
liberty university speech by djt was biggest by far in school's history standing ovationsgreat young people !
huff post gets it wrong re :  ferry pointthe only leakage of gas is from arianna huffington
no matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticizedthey can't win !
 @ archiemoorebye we have raised millions of dollars for charity
trump :  us must get tougher because china is 'eating our lunch' 
housing prices will be going up big leaguea great time to buygood luck !
 @ mattberry87  piers did a great jobthe interview was very important
english taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines
the number of unemployed americans has increased over 60 during obama's term the economy can't survive another 4 years
the 18th hole at the blue monster  @ doral in miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf
well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of  @ celebapprentice the 'all stars' are hard at work
did a shoot in front of the metropolitian museum on 5th ave for the 13th season of the apprentice
thousands of great people showed up from liberty university yesterday i love standing ovations ! 
 @ designergirla late winter or early spring it will be a great season !
the obama economyworkers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
muslim brotherhood head of egypt morsi is already making demands on obama before the wh visit obama's foreign policy is a complete failure
coincidence ? obama and ahmadinejad each describe  @ israel's warning over the iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
home values have sunk a record 15 under obama
the debates are going to have a big impact on the election  @ mittromney has provedin floridahe delivers under pressure
living in denialonly 15 of democrats think that recent economic  news  is poor 
amazing race winning an emmy again is a total joke the emmys have no credibilityno wonder the ratings are at record lows
the emmys were horrendousthe absolute worst show !
rising premium costs from obamacare will cost businesses billions 
 @ susanvhinds  a happy and healthy family
watchyesterday obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the benghazi consulate attack 
 @ murekar thanks and we will keep you posted
yesterday i was in washington dc visiting the  # trump old post office renovation it will be magnificent
my  @ cnn interview with  @ piersmorgan explaining why mitt should not apologize  
isn’t it great that obama had time yesterday to fundraise with jay z and do  @ lateshow while there is a record 21 real unemployment !
 @ rowree it will be fantastic !
filming for  @ celebapprentice season 13 is now into the 2nd week the 'allstar' cast is already hard at work
obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving keystone xl pipeline and canada is now selling the oil to chinavery dumb !
can you believethey are blaming  @ mittromney for egypt
liberal press won't look into why obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with romney's private comments
none of romney's leaked comments change the fact that obama is a complete disaster 20 real unemployment and $6t in deficit spending
it's tuesday how many more nonstories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores obama's record ?
the majority of americans agree with  @ mittromney's comments on  @ israel and iran
with 49 days until the election  @ mittromney needs to stay on offense he should not be apologizing deflect onto obama's record
this morning  @ nbc  @ todayshow played some of the  @ rnc video i filmed for the tampa convention 
 @ princeetornam they had both interest and aptitude they've done a terrific job
now a small country like sudan tells obama he can't send any more marines 
 @ rdowns i never went bankrupt enemies love to say i did didn't happen
i'll be at liberty university monday 10 am for speech looking forward to meeting studentsall sold out !
china is now attacking japan's economy for leverage 
trump :  if republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election' 
kate middleton is greatbut she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nudeonly herself to blame
hey  @ kimkardashiani hear you are undecided in the election i can explain why you should vote for  @ mittromney
qe3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion creates artificial numbers for short term market gains cont 
it's amazing @ hardballchris has completely lost all connections to reality he is a complete shill for obama
 @ scottsaia23 thanks scott i appreciate your nice words
my  @ cnbcclosingbell interview discussing qe3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election 
oh no another rapper doing a trump song young jeezy  trump lyrics why aren't these guys paying me ?
i hate  @ usatoday's redesignthe logo is terrible lightweight al neuharth must've had something to do with this no wonder paper is failing
wow ! i just heard that the previously unknown singer mac miller has received over 67 million hits on his song donald trump
nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program  milton friedman
must see videoobama's criticism of  @ mittromney is identical to carter's on reagan 
congratulations to obama and the  @ dnc the federal deficit has topped $1t for a fourth year in a row 
welcome to obama's americarecord high poverty and an 8 drop in median household family income 
it's thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against  @ mittromney ?
i will be speaking monday september 24 10 am at liberty university to a record setting student body i look forward to it !
what a coincidence that obama's good friends in libya and egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies
with allies like egypt and libya who needs enemies ? !
shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11 ?
wake up america !  see article :  israeli science :  obama birth certificate is a fake 
our $16t national debt is now bigger than our $15t gdp if obama is reelected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013
deja vu  i can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed president obamacarter
i guess obama's cairo speech really worked out the muslim brotherhood stormed our embassy on 911 imagine if obama speaks in beijing ?
those who refuse to draw red line to iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to  @ israel   @ israeli pm   @ netanyahu
it's disgraceful that the obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic cont 
the middle east is blowing upwe didn't back egypt and now they riot against us iran is using iraqi airspace cont 
obama doesn't know what he's doing his foreign policy is a disaster libya egypt iraq afghanistanall cont 
there is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare  sun tzu
amazing  @ celebapprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base
prioritieswhile fundraising and campaigning on our dime obama has skipped over 50 of his intel briefings  
china is an international pariah they are now harassing japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  
whatever happened to obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration ? where's the media ?
trump :  if republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election' 
discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with  @ kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his  @ cnn show  
an impromptu interview i did with german tv on 9/11 down by ground zero discussing the attack and wtc towers 
you need to overcome the tug of people against yod.c.ou reach for high goalsgeneral george s patton
president obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the american peopleclint eastwood
a lot of people strongly advised me against doing  @ apprenticenbc next week we start filming the record 13th seasonhence go with your gut !
today's job report is dismal now a record 88921000 americans are no longer in the work force
the youtube of the 2012 miss usa contestants  @ giulianarancic and me singing call me maybe  
under  @ barackobama 1 out of every 7 americans is on food stamps
fortyseven million now on food stamps when he came to office there were 32 million he's added 15 million people  @ mittromney
the chinese are mistreating hillary clinton on her trip 
remember while  @ barackobama is lauding himself tonight with selfindulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in afghanistan
after  @ barackobama's speech tonightwhich should be well deliveredreality will hit friday morning when the new jobs report is released
the delegates at the  @ dnc convention keep shouting four more years four more years of 18 real unemployment and another $6t in debt ?
 @ barackobama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
donald trump has given millions to proromney superpacs and his whole family is cutting checks to mitt's campaign  
iran is flying supply planes to syria through iraqi airspace thank you united states for making this possible !
once again under @ barackobama the us has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness  
other networks are begging me to do a showi can't because i'm doing the apprentice !
scary thoughtis the sexual pervert anthony weiner now in charlotte ? did he bring his phone with him ?
have you seen the new  # trump line of clothing apparel and fragrances  @ macy's ? selling like hotcakes great for christmas gifts etc
better off ? the $16t us debt works out to $136260 per household a 50 increase since  @ barackobama took office
almost every tv show is asking me to go onespecially the  @ lateshow it's simplei get the ratings !
 @ lancearmstrong revise your decision to quitgo back and fight
why does us doping agency destroy an american icon  @ lancearmstrong for events that took place years ago in france ?
 @ lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealoushe is no lance
very good speech by  @ michelleobamaand under great pressuredems should be proud !
no surprise  @ barackobama is letting the muslim brotherhood in egypt default on their us loans 
opec is better off than they were 4 years ago gas has more than doubled during  @ barackobama's term outrageous !
with our national debt passing $16t during the  @ dnc convention  @ barackobama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents scary
the media can track down  @ paulryan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find  @ barackobama's college applications or other info
joe paterno's family should sue the idiots  @ pennstate that made that ridiculous dealand commissioned the one sided report
as i predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high todayopec is having a ball at our expense
great going andy roddick ! another victory for a fabulous player brooklyn decker is good luck
i win awards for speakingbut the enemies either won't comment or will say only badleave clint alone !
andy roddicka great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife
china is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade 
 @ barackobama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to china  @ mittromney
obama's ideas don't move us 'forward' they take us 'backwards' these are ideas people come to america to get away from  @ marcorubio
 @ mittromney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth
i loved watching clint eastwood last nighthe was terrific !
letterman  @ lateshow begging me to go back on his low rated showcalls lotsmust apologize for racist comment
too busy playing golf ?  @ barackobama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen seals   
i am impressed with how clearly  @ paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions  @ mittromney will bring as president
book on bin laden is a terrible violation of codemakes  @ barackobama's story a big lie
i wonder what  @ joebiden was thinking last night as  @ paulryanvp delivered that knockout speech joe should call in sick for the vp debate
congratulations to  @ govmikehuckabee on last night's tremendous speech mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better
it's thursday and again i askhow much money is china stealing from us ?
i am astonished that the media continues to lie  @ barackobama gutted welfare reform it is a fact !
america needs  @ mittromney and  @ paulryanvp and we need them right now   @ govchristie
new business startups at the lowest level in 30 years and the epa is now the employment prevention agency   @ bobmcdonnell
great speech by my good friend  @ govchristie he did something you won't hear at  @ barackobama's conventiontell the truth
congratulations to  @ anndromney on delivering a knock out speech last night america can't wait to call her our first lady
an excerpt of my  @ thebrodyfile interview at the sarasota 'statesman of the year' dinner discussing the tea party 
china must be worried that  @ mittromney will win this november they have never had such a pushover like  @ barackobama
 @ barackobama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this november
it's tuesdayhow much inflation has  @ barackobama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas ?
 @ govchristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why  @ mittromney  should be elected and  @ barackobama has to go
happy to hear that  @ ralphreed's faith and freedom chapters are at the  @ rnc convention supporting  @ mittromney we must be united to win !
remember when  @ ariannahuff ran for governor of california she got 3 votes
 @ robinroberts everyone adores you including me get well fast !
the bay bridge in san francisco is being built by the chinesetremendous cost overruns a total mess we should build our own bridges etc
 @ barackobama has completely failed the american people us annual incomes have fallen over 5 during his term  
i knew chris matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful now he's gone off the deep end as an obama surrogate  @ hardballchris
 @ barackobama is begging the eurozone to keep greece in until after 11612 he thinks the world revolves around his reelection
 @ barackobama sent over 100000 jobs and canadian oil to china all because he would not approve keystone xl
i am sure the  @ ncgop will do a great job bracketing the  @ dnc convention they are a tremendous statewide organization
 @ barackobama is bankrupting this country his budget adds another $44t to the debt putting us over $20t in total debt by 2016
dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that i said “children should not get vaccinated” i believe fully cont 
 @ lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined
egypt's muslim brotherhood president is visiting us next month  @ barackobama is so excited
a hurricane will be coming to tampa my  @ rnc convention surprise hits monday night !
the independent watchdog who exonerated  @ barackobama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to obama's campaign
the opening of  # trumpscotland an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course watch the video 
 @ arsenioofficial you have already made plenty because of me how about a 50/50 cutjust joking see you soon !
amazing @ vanityfair survived one more day without folding the clock is ticking
statesman of the year in sarasota fl on sunday nightwill be terrifica total sellout
wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife they are environmental disasters
it is truly an honor that his eminence archbishop of new york  @ cardinaldolan will be delivering the benediction at the  @ rnc convention
it's thursday i wonder how much money  @ barackobama drained from medicare today to finance obamacare
today we just passed 14 million twitter followers
one of the best moves i made early in my career was buying the air rights from tiffany's flagship trump tower gleams over fifth avenue
here's a sneak peek at the  @ dnc convention theme :   it's not our fault blame bush oh and government built it
it's wednesday i wonder how much money  @ barackobama borrowed from china today ?
 @ barackobama said he doesn't take the navy seals campaigning against him too seriously
can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa ! hey  @ barackobama we did build it !
 @ edrendell's book a nation of wusses is an excellent readespecially page 10 go get it !
putin just sent a russian nuclear sub to the gulf of mexico  @ barackobama can't be bothered he is too concerned with  @ mittromney's taxes
 @ barackobama was caught telling russian  pm   @ medvedevrussiae that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term russia thinks he's weak
my shirts ties and fragrance are doing great at  @ macystry them ! make fantastic gifts
only three weeks until the new season of  @ celebapprentice begins filminggreat allstar cast
glad to hear  @ barackobama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in north carolina free ad time for trump national in charlotte !
every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges
 @ rogerjstonejr was great on  @ thekudlowreport last night roger and larry are good friends !
glad to hear that  @ jimtalent has put some strong antichina referendums in the  @ gop convention platform
more of my  # trumptuesday  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing how the us gets killed negotiating with other countries 
the  @ wta released a new  # strongisbeautiful celebrity campaign today amazing athletes proud to be a part of this  
congratulations to billy payne and   @ augustanational on doing the right thing
 @ rosie get better fast i'm starting to miss you !
i dream for a living steven spielberg
unemployment is up in 44 states showing july's unemployment numbers to be broad based  
scary thought @ joebiden is a heartbeat away from the presidency
americans already believe that  @ paulryanvp is better qualified to serve as  president over  @ joebiden  
oil is rising back over $100 barrel opec loves to rip us off why shouldn't theythey always get away with it
us government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72 under  @ barackobama he is bleeding us dry to china
the us government's foreign debt is at a record $529t 
great speech on china by  @ paulryanvp yesterday where he explains why china is treating  @ barackobama like a doormat 
my  @ gretawire interview discussing why  @ barackobama is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election 
jeffrey robinson's  # trumptower has it all the ultra rich powerful and beautiful it's your summer mustread  
the country of georgia is a small wonder performing well economically under the leadership of  @ saakashvilim a great american ally
 @ barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things
palm springs ca has been destroyedabsolutely destroyedby the world's ugliest wind farm at the gateway on interstate 10 very very sad !
good  news    @ mittromney has pulled ahead in wisconsin  
i still hold the alltime attendance and pay per view record at  @ wwe
congratulations to  @ wweraw on passing 1000 episodes  @ wwe is still going strong after all these years @ vincemcmahon is great !
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare his name is  @ barackobama
certain internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go awayothers are terrific
a great photo of  @ mittromney and me 
military reps have attacked  @ barackobama over bin laden leaksthey believe he's just using this for his benefit not a big surprise
if you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete    jack welch
 @ georgefwill is suggesting football is going away and  @ mittromney will lose  @ georgefwill is a moron
$716 billion from medicare by  @ barackobama when will it end ?
congratulations to linda mcmahon on her victory in the connecticut senate primary she is an amazing womansmart as you get !  @ lindamcmahon
richard mourdocka very good man running for the senate in indiana hopefully he will win !  @ richardmourdock
i'm really glad that  @ mittromney no longer says what a nice guy  @ barackobama is
while  @ joebiden is a gaffe machine yesterday's comments that  @ mittromney will put y'all back in chains was not at all proper
glad to hear  @ govchristie will be delivering the keynote for the  @ rnc convention he will deliver a strong message
today i am working on my 'big surprise' for the  @ rnc convention everyone will love it
“borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity”   @ paulryanvp
glad to hear patriotic americans are organizing a movement this august to boycott chinese products 
obama care stole more then $500m from medicare
today  @ barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china just another day at the office
waste @ barackobama's dep of energy was warned in advance by treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team  @ ussoccer on their gold medal they made us all proud !
sun  news paper/scotland reports that tourism jump is thanks to trump 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries 
the failing new york daily  news  knowingly incorrectly reported that i wanted to speak at the republican national conventionwrong !
all recent presidents have released their transcripts what is  @ barackobama hiding ?
received a beautiful letter from joe paterno's son jay he really loved and respected his father
 @ papajohns ceo john schnatte has told shareholders that obamacare will force him to raise pizza prices 
 @ miketyson and  @ spikelee i gave a great review of your show in my  # trumpvlog 
the brand new season of  @ celebapprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks the 'all star' cast will be announced very soon
have you been to the  @ trumpgrill in the trump tower atrium ? best meatloaf in the citymy mother's famous recipe 2128363249
 @ barackobamahood :  rob our children's future by borrowing from the chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us
pathetic @ barackobama is 'sweetening' his offer to the taliban 
i always enjoy being interivewed on  @ wor710 by john gambling my father fred used to listen to his father's show
our major airports are decaying it's embarrassing we need to have them renovated by competent professionalsand fast
tucson killer loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prisonwhich will cost cont 
 @ huffingtonpost is doing very badly also very inaccurate stories like aol when will they fail ?
glad that  @ mittromney is hitting  @ barackobama on ending work requirements for welfare obama attacks the american work ethic
glad to hear that  @ flgovscott will be speaking at the  @ rnc convention he is a true conservative and fantastic governor !
the  @ whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8254 not 83  
now china 'calls in' us diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades 
glad to hear clint eastwood endorsed  @ mittromney he understands that america needs a big boost to be strong again
outrageous @ barackobama is suing to suppress the military vote in ohio 
 @ mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus  if reelected  @ barackobama will create over $12t in new debt easy choice
an 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that  @ barackobama bought his house with the help of tony rezko
an 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that  @ barackobama's birth certificate is a fraud
over 150000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july  @ barackobama is a disaster !
new job numbers once again show no growth or recovery unemployment has been over 8 for 41 straight monthsnow up to 83
good @ marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on olympic medals 
make sure to grab your copy of this month's  @  news maxmedia detailing the trump effect  
we need a president who understands the economy   @ gallup news  has us unemployment at 82 in july up from 8 in june  
so generous and pious ! after spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel  @ barackobama donated to himself
more lies and deceptions @ barackobama is having his exstaffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
the us manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under  @ barackobama he has stood idle while china steals our jobs
jobless claims rose yet again last week 
 @ taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture you are fantastic !
congratulations to  @ tedcruz on his texas primary victory last night he will be an outstanding senator
the deficits under  @ barackobama are the highest in america's history why is he bankrupting our country ?
good article :  what happened to american men from  @  news max by michael cohen 
donald trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in november  @  news maxmedia's cover the trump effect
 @ michaelphelpsyou are the greatest olympic champion of them all fantastic job !
control your own destiny or someone else will  @ jackwelch
consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak june numbers  @ barackobama's policies have created a climate cont 
no member of congress should be eligible for reelection if our country's budget is not balanceddeficits not allowed !
you pick it !  # 1 anybody that says anything derogatory about  @ barackobama is labeled stupid insane or cont 
enjoying the olympics  great coverage by  @ nbc as well go team usa !
more waste fraud and abuse  over $460m in food stamps went to ineligible households 
attended last night's  @ yankees gamederek jeter is both a great player and a great guy
another example of  @ barackobama's diplomatic triumphshe gave the queen of england an iipod filled with his speeches
great to see  @ mittromney being wellreceived in poland 
the polling numbers for 2012 are very interestingwill americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent' ?
great job to missy franklin she's got a smile that can take over the world she's also a major talent great going missy !
the chinese are illegally dumping birdkilling wind turbines on our shores only one of many grievanceswe should act
 @ barackobama should be careful questioning  @ mittromney on diplomacyhow many times has obama apologized for our country on foreign soil ? !
smart move by the democrats to have pres  @ billclinton play a key role in their convention
there is no substitute for hard workthomas edison
congratulations to  @ barackobamahe is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term !
remember when  @ barackobama promised you could keep your coverage ? study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
twitter is on  @ barackobama's enemies list 
delusional @ barackobama claims that his economic plan worked  
i can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential markettry to buy directly from a bank
which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency ? 
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing housing prices the gdp numbers china spreading its wealth and my stock picks 
fast trial and death penalty for maniac in colorado immediately pass speed up legislation
read this @ barackobama's birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers 
jay carney won't answer reporters questions of why obama won't release his college transcripts come on jay !
hypocrite @ barackobama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as cont 
the nypd has been doing a fantastic job protecting nyc i hope chief ray kelly is strongly considering running for mayor
weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000 manufacturing sector is suffering badly we must do better  
with  @ barackobama listing himself as born in kenya in 1999
bay bridge in san fransisco built in china keeps getting worse cost overruns are out of control  china is having a field day with us !
breitbart gets it ! vote now @ barackobama should release his college application records and grades he says he cont 
some really dumb blogger for failing  @ vanityfair a magazine whose ads are down almost 18 this year said i wear a hairpiece  i don't !
irresponsible ! in the last 6 months  @ barackobama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his job council
more $ thrown away   @ barackobama gave $20m to amonix and praised its success in '10 it just filed for bankruptcy 
great articlea must read by peter ferrara at  @ forbes about the biggest government  spender in world history
great new campaign ad just released by  @ mittromney  
columbia university stated there was a computer error in their system concerning  @ barackobama's attendance cont 
cowards die many times before their actual deaths caesar
so  @ barackobama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of rezko 
what's more important for the american public to have ?  @ mittromney's tax returns or  @ barackobama's sealed records ?
as i always said the birthers were after the truth thanks to  @ realsheriffjoe  @ barackobama can't hide anymore
why does hi revised statute 338178 allow an hi resident who doesn't have to be us citizen to procure an official hawaii birth certificate ?
dark knight rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend remember to watch for trump tower !
 # baracktax quote :  if you have health insurance you're not getting hit with a tax
according to a  @ gallup news  poll over 60 think obamacare will make things worse for taxpayers 
for the sake of transparency  @ barackobama should release all his college applications and transcriptsboth from occidental and columbia
when will we see  @ barackobama's passport records sealed ?
 @ mittromney needs to make  @ barackobama regret that he ever asked for his tax records
my interview in  @ politico with  @ pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 statesman of the year by sarasota gop 
 @ barackobama's college application would be very very very very interesting !
if  @ barackobama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it ?
he has no respect for american exceptionalism  @ barackobama has outsourced our space program to the russians 
i hope  @ official1mcd is recuperating well in la  get better omarosa
bain did not list  @ mittromney as an executive on its website in 2000 
my friend  @ theslystallone lost his wonderful son sage this weekend we all send sly our love and warmest wishes cont 
in his entire political career  @ barackobama has never had a tough  @ gop opponent before  @ mittromney he is a paper tiger  # gomitt
 @ barackobama should release all his records like other presidents
don't believe the liesevery budget  @ barackobama has delivered to congress raises the income tax on everyone 
 @ barackobama wants to see 10 yrs of  @ mittromney's tax returnstell him okbut we want to see your college applications first'
nasty  tactics being used by  @ barackobama campaign against  @ mittromney must stop saying obama is a nice manhe is not !
i wonder why  @ barackobama is not going to the naacp convention is it because he can't answer questions about 147 black unemployment ?
 @ barackobama reported over $269710 of foreign income out of his gross $894520 and paid $5841 in foreign taxes 
almost daily more discrepancies in  @ barackobama's biography continue to arise who is this guy ?
very strangewhy do database records contradict  @ barackobama and show he was only at columbia 1 year ? 
today  @ mittromney addressed the naacp  @ barackobama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high black unemployment
nice interview in the  @ the atlantic of sarasota gop chair joe gruters on my 2012 'statesman of the year' award 
great to see tony la russa manage one last game last night congratulations to the national league on winning the  @ mlb allstar game
chris ruddy is always on point :  trump opens 'greatest golf course in the world' 
congrats to  @ barackobamahe has now had over 40 months straight of over 8 unemployment while accruing over $6t cont 
everyone is talking about how trump tower is the exterior for wayne enterprises in dark knight risesit's true 
the u6 unemployment rate is over 149 obamacare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding
why is  @ barackobama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority ? this is the latest 
president obama wants  @ mittromney to hand over even more past tax returns he should when  @ barackobama reveals his college applications
gotta hand it to  @ ivankatrump she loved doral from the time we looked at it the trumpdoral will be an icon  # sayfie  #  news max
when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country  # sayfie  #  news max
a great 4th of july ! america a great country who's brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead
hope and change ? job numbers down time for  @ mittromney
never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat  ? f scott fitzgerald
when will pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to osama bin laden for 6 years ? ! some ally
may jobless numbers have been readjusted to 82   @ barackobama's economy is a disaster 
we must never bend too much  yitzhak shamir 19152012 
just as i predicted  @ barackobama is preparing a possible attack on iran right before november 
con ed has won its suit against the ground zero mosque developers 
i believe  @ barackobama made a deal with the saudis to increase oil production until after the election then cont 
great poll numbers for  @ mittromney just outhe is leading substantially in swing states
the 'brunt' of obamacare will be shouldered by folks making under $120k  
is it legal for  @ barackobama to make campaign donor calls from air force one ? 
why is  @ barackobama continuing to lie ? 
dangerousthe usc obamacare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity
china court :  apple pays $60m to settle ipad case china is getting away with murder 
wrong :  a china court ordered  @ apple to pay $60m to a chinese company that registered ipad before  @ apple 
justice roberts did the republican party and  @ mittromney a great favor he essentially said obamacare is a tax cont 
obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine we must all focus now on electing  @ mittromney this november
a list from  @ heritage :  top 10 most expensive obamacare taxes and fees 
 # fullrepeal :  stopping obamacare is now up to the american people we must elect  @ mittromney this november
remember this @ barackobama told  @ gstephanopoulos in 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax 
wow the supreme court passed  @ obamacare i guess  @ justiceroberts wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew
preliminary talks have begun for next season's  # celebrityapprentice as usual we will have another great season
it is terrible that  @ barackobama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks no accountability
who's the outsourcer ?  @ barackobama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in china and india 
a lion's list of democrats are not attending  @ barackobama's dnc convention the democratic party is in turmoil 
welcome to the new egypt muslim brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from israeli journalists 
shock   @ barackobama's dnc convention has a $27m deficit and events are starting to be canceled 
what a statesman !  @ barackobama made sure to quickly call the muslim brotherhood victor to congratulate him on cont 
the islamists have won just as i predicted the muslim brotherhood has taken over egypt  @ barackobama never should have abandoned mubarek
many democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the dnc convention in charlotte 
moody's is out to make publicity the bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for  @ moody's giving aaa cont 
the  @ barackobama campaign took in $39m in may but spent $446m sound familiar !
the new  @ darknightrises trailer is fantastic 
i look forward to playing golf with president  @ barackobama someday
yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the  @ barackobama administration 
the amateur ! first  @ barackobama was caught bowing to the saudi king but now the president of mexico !  
 @ macmiller's donald trump just hit 60 million hits maybe i should go into a new business
congratulations to  @ arsenioofficial on his new late night show ! he will do really well it pays to win  # celebrityapprentice
my  @ squawkcnbc interview re :  europe's financial mess investing in spain germany's economy and the future of the euro 
win a dinner with  @ mittromney and me in new york this june 28th it's selling like hotcakes ! 
today's announcement by  @ barackobama on immigration was done for reelection he is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool
failurefor all of  @ barackobama's talk of engaging the world us favorability has dropped around the world 
today both  @ barackobama and  @ mittromney are giving speeches on their economic policies in ohio the choice is cont 
scary$6t in debt and $1t annual budget deficits later  @ barackobama is asking for more time to fix the economy 
china's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats the yuan has appreciated 40 against our dollar since 2005
the  @ mittromney healthcare plan post obamacare relies on consumer choices with more options 
good  news  @ mittromney is now leading in north carolina according to  @ ppppolls the nc gop is united after their cont 
good @ flgovscott is suing the federal government so he can protect the voter rolls  
sad @ barackobama has already exempted major oil importers on iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with china
welcome to the new reality goldman sachs just based their new asia pacific chairman not in tokyo but beijing  
as one of miamii's largest landowners i am pulling for the  @ miamiheat in the  @ nba finals lebron's time is now !  @ kingjames
last friday's gaffe by  @ barackobama claiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrativeeverything to him revolves around gov't
donald trump song is up to almost 60 million hits crazy !
 @ mannypacquiao was robbed in his title fight on saturday night no wonder boxing is dying bring back the 15 round fights
miss florida was great in her denial of miss pennsylvania's phoney statements she blows miss pennsylvania away a different league 
thanks to  @ therealmarilu a great woman for her wonderful defense of the miss usa pageant
now  @ barackobama is telling  @ mittromney how to control his own assets 
take a tour of this amazing penthouse in trump park avenue 
how foolish did  @ davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why  @ barackobama accepts donations from bain ? 
it's good to see that  @ flgovscott is protecting the sanctity of this november's elections voter fraud must be broken
why is  @ barackobama spending millions to try and hide his records ? he is the least transparent presidenteverand he ran on transparency
china's new and advanced currency manipulation is killing the us help !
the miss usa pageant  # missusa was a big ratings hit for  @ nbcnbc won the evening thank you donald
is roger simon  @ politicoroger ever right about anything ? now he's attacking  @ billclinton in defense of cont 
congratulations to  @ scottkwalker of wisconsina great victory a smart and tough guy great going
china's best friend  @ barackobama wants to cut the us fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since wwi
while  @ barackobama spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487b in cuts 
what a foolish statement by  @ davidaxelrod  he said that a  @ marcorubio vp pick would 'insult' hispanics  
we have all been following the wisconsin recall election  @ scottkwalker's victory tonight will be wellearned a governor who gets results
trump vineyard estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions watch the video for a look 
just cancelled my subscription to  @ usatoday boring  news paper with no mojomust be losing a fortune founder cont 
i had a wonderful meeting with likud deputy speaker of the knesset  @ dannydanon this past friday in trump tower 
almost all reporters falsely report that i had a bad time at last year's white house correspondents' dinner cont 
now the  @ barackobama campaign is fundraising off of me i should get a tax rebate ! 
what a foolish move by  @ davidaxelrod to speak in boston yesterday ! completely outmaneuvered by the  @ mittromney campaign
now  @ barackobama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  
the  @ missusa 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at trump tower in new york city 
bay bridge in california made in china for $18 billion $300 million in cost overruns are we stupid ?
us job cuts jumped 53 in may from april
pathetic ! since  @ govwalker is going to win the recall  @ barackobama is trying to disown the endorsement of tom barrett 
q1 gdp has just been revised down to 19 
does anyone believe that  @ barackobama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet ?
when will  @ davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend  @ barackobama's ineptitude ?
the golden rule for every businessman is this :  'put yourself in your customer's place'orison swett marden
it was an honor to be with  @ mittromney the night he clinched the nomination he will defeat  @ barackobama and be a tremendous potus
how ironic that  @ barackobama's campaign would call me a charlatan have they looked at their boss's record ?
the  @ mittromney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success
scaryamerica would have had to pay all its gdp to the government to cover  @ barackobama's real 2011 budget deficit 
now chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue us soldiers 
everybody is raving about the trump home mattress by  @ sertamattresses if you are looking for a mattress go buy cont 
rush is right  @ limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than  @ barackobamain fact far more jobs !
it's amazing how celebrities such as  @ cher can say horrible untrue things about republican politicians and it's cont 
reverend wright was dumped like a dog by  @ barackobamahe can't be feeling too good
perhaps  @ barackobama's biggest shortcoming as president is he failed to unite the country
now  @ barackobama has decided there are 5 million palestinian refugees 
in '08  @ barackobama said that bush adding $4t to the debt was unpatriotic
i am very excited about hosting  @ mittromney today for a fundraiser looking forward to seeing  @ newtgingrich and many other friends
 @ barackobama is practically begging  @ mittromney to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and cont 
hypocrite ! long before  @ barackobama called the tea party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a hyde park rally
dine with the donald and mitt : 
pictures of  @ melaniatrump and me from the men in black iii premiere in new york city 
josh brolin a friend of mine was terrific in men in black congrats !
cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars great management teamcongratulations !  @ cadillac
lolo jones our beautiful olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets marriedshe is great  @ followlolo
what a series the  @ nyrangers  @ nhldevils is turning out to be ! tonight's game should be another close one
obamacare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95 creating an even bigger cost to the debt 
the storied success of bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason  @ mittromney will be a great potus
disaster ! the  @ barackobama tax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the cbo 
i'll be on piers morgan tonight this evening 9  pm  on cnn be sure to tune in  @ pierstonight
i wonder if  @ barackobama ever applied to occidental columbia or harvard as a foreign student when can we see cont 
the republicans should use everything against  @ barackobamajust as  @ barackobama is going to use everything cont 
glad to see that sacha baron cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office he is talentless  @ sachabcohen
hmmmcan you imagine me speaking at the rnc convention in tampa ?
i am a registered republican 
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing why i don't own facebook stock and running a tough campaign against  @ barackobama 
i loved walter cronkite one of the all time greats he couldn't stand dan ratheri agree with walter  @ danratherreport
president obama's literary agent in 1991 promoted a book about the first africanamerican president of the cont 
mr pesident  @ barackobama you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy !
america has lost its aaa rating and gained over $6t in debt under  @ barackobama and now he wants to raise the debt ceilingscary !
congratulations to  @ davidwright of the  # mets what a great season he is havingbatting over 400 and clutch hitting also a fantastic guy
the  @ yankees must renegotiate  @ arod's contract he is not the same player without drugs
 # celebrityapprentice who will win ? 
time warner cable went out on 5th avenue for 2 plus days they are a disaster i think i'm going to switch
let's take a closer look at that birth certificate  @ barackobama was described in 2003 as being born in kenya 
reckless ! why is  @ barackobama wasting over $70 billion on 'climate change activities ?' will he ever learn ? 
donna summer performed for me many timesshe was great and will be missed  @ thedonnasummer
the best vision is insight malcolm forbes
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by  @ mittromney is a hit job to me where are  @ barackobama's high school and college records ?
 @ facebook's mark zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy my advice ? get a prenup ! 
diligence is the mother of good luckbenjamin franklin
wrong ! under  @ barackobama's watch  @ israel is not being invited to nato summit in chicago this month 
glad to see that jamie dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote the jp morgan stock holders understand that a good ceo is worth keeping
why the nation's debt keeps growing  a dept of agriculture employee made over $242k with a $63k bonus 
a great ad from  @ mittromney showing a few of the 23 million unemployed who need economic change 
why won't  @ barackobama repeal the defense of marriage act if he supports gay marriage ? 
worired that the usc will strike down obamacare  @ barackobama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
mitt romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at liberty university with a wonderful introduction by mark demoss well done  @ mittromney
great quote from the late steve jobs :  innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
facebook billionaire gives up his us citizenship in order to save taxes i guess 38 billion isn't enough for cont 
howard stern will do a great job on  @ america'sgottalent he's very smart and really gets what talent is  @ howardstern
 @ andypettitte ratted out his best friend  @ rogerclemens in a ridiculous trial not nice ! who is rooting for andy p ?
ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the countryand have inefficient unreliable energy to boot
terrible wind farms are provided permits by the us government which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles
if the press can report stories from  @ mittromney's dorm years then why can't it find  @ barackobama's college and law school transcripts ?
procter and gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from cincinnati to asiawhat are we doing ? !
the april jobs report is terrible if the labor forces didn't shrink under  @ barackobama then real unemployment cont 
selective memory   @ barackobama says that he forgets the recession 
watch celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9  pm  on nbcwe're winding up for a terrific finale what a season ! 
in the uk taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate 
our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates 
congratulations to  @ israeli pm   @ netanyahu on forming his new unity government a major political success for the jewish state of israel
welcome to the new reality  @ barackobama is now letting china buy us banks 
 @ cher attacked  @ mittromney she is an average talent who is out of touch with reality like  @ rosie o'donnell a total loser !
the polling numbers show a close race  @ mittromney needs all of our support
georgetown should not host  @ kathleensebelius for the graduation ceremony her policies abuse catholics
joe biden called america the problem vis a vis iran 
my  @ gretawire interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers china charles barkleyfrance and the election  
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing the republic of georgia taxes the fledgling economy and facebook 
my son don will be giving the keynote address at the investment show in sandton south africa on dec 1 he's an cont 
you can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do  great quote by henry ford
no wonder afghanistan is a mess !  @ barackobama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace 
i had a great time doing press interviews with  @ lisalampanelli and  @ teresagiudice earlier today 
our economy is at a standstill some are even predicting a possible double dip we need to elect  @ mittromney in november
looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever  # nbc  # sweepstweet keep watching  @ apprenticenbc every sunday 9/8c
firing  @ lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise she’s a strong player but there are no losers at this late point  # sweepstweet
 # sweepstweet  @ 3nvmusic i very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved my instincts cont 
 # sweepstweet  @ clayaiken might get some use out of the chi touch digital hairdryer not the same for  @ arsenioofficial
remember the huge amount of money raised by  @ johnrich and company…  # sweepstweet
 # sweepstweet teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team but she’s a wonderful person
 # sweepstweet  @ donaldjtrumpjr and  @ erictrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance i wonder where they got that from ?
how will the client react ? they’ve got both elle magazine and chi to please  # sweepstweet
aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted ?  # sweepstweet
good move by aubrey to be the redheaded model they didn’t have  # sweepstweet
could be a fight over redheads with  @ lisalampanelli—this could be good  # sweepstweet
in the 1920's people were worried about global coolingit never happened now it's global warming give me a break !
according to  @ barackobama the war on terror is over  
mariano rivera yankee pitcher is the greatest ever get well fast
derek jeter is playing phenomenal baseball he is a total winnerand also a great guy  @ derekjeter
congratulations to the  @ thenyrangers on taking a 21 lead over the  @ washcaps great game last night !
snowboarder/skateboarder  @ shaunwhite stopped by to visit this week
when will  @ barackobama release his college and law school transcripts ?
my friend ronald kessler explains in  @ washingtonpost that secret service problems are much bigger than prostitutes 
orders for us factory goods in march record biggest decline in 3 years 
china's leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and cont 
here's the deal :  when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military cont 
america's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future
bad move @ barackobama released $147m in aid to the palestinians 
the epa official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned 
 @ rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class ceohe has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation
here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance  # success  @ macys herald square 
guess which potus has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined ? 
the federal government is teaching citizens 'financial literacy' while it is running $16t in debt 
good morning america is thrilled  @ rosie is working for the  @ todayshowthat means almost guaranteed success for  @ gma
rosie o'donnell should leave lindsay lohan alone @ rosie has bigger problems than lindsay lindsay's mother called my office for help
my  @ gretawire interview where i discuss fixing the economy killing bin laden the john edwards trial and fair trade
wind turbines threaten the migration of birds 
claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high 
be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of  # celebapprentice this sunday on  @ nbc at 9 pm  est ! this sunday's cont 
i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing ?' we need cont 
i wonder why  @ barackobama is now spending $8b to postpone obamacare's medicare cuts until after the election ? 
majority of independents want obamacare overturned 
congratulations to the  @ nyrangers on bringing the series home last night
made in america ?  @ barackobama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court
i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me  # theartofthedeal
american professors were in tehran for an occupy wall street conference 
 @ jonhuntsman just trashed the gop and stood up for china on sunday 
more than anything else i think dealmaking is an ability you're born with it's in the genes  # theartofthedeal
just left istanbul turkey yesterday where   # trumptowers was just openedmagnificent !
today i'm in aberdeen scotland preparing for the july 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course 
recently opened  @ trumptoronto it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony 
tonight’s  # celebrityapprentice will continue to impress be sure to tune in tonight at 9 pm  et  @ nbc it will be amazing
my interview with  @ parademagazine from the olympics 100 day countdown in times square 
a bad manager such as  @ barackobama will continually be plagued by scandals  
i am in istanbulturkey just opened magnificent  # trumptowers a big hit
reckless !  @ barackobama has now increased the debt more than any other potus and the first 42 combined 
very proud to announce that maralago was awarded top historic building in the state by the illustrious cont 
 @ mittromney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against  @ barackobama i am confident he can defeat  @ barackobama
my  @ fox8 news  interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend dick clark 
by  @ barackobama's design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under obamacare through inflation  
vanity fair circulation down 20 percent my third rate stalker should start looking for a new job
yesterday was  @ barackobama's favorite day of the yearhe collects our taxes to redistribute
while  @ barackobama watches china is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international cont 
he  @ mittromney would do a great job on saturday night live  @ nbcsnl
i have captured the smell of success meet me and the new success  @ macys herald square april 18 5 : 30 pm  first cont 
mike bloomberg is doing a great job as mayor of new york city ray kelly is a great police commissioner  @ mikebloomberg
i will be at  @ macys herald square april 18 to sign my new fragrance  # success by trump first 100 customers receive a copy of my new book
axl rose should take his  # rockhall2012 honors and be happy stop the no induction nonsense do it for your fans  @ axlrose
capitalism requires capital when government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the cont 
 @ barackobama who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 205 on $790k salary 
if  @ barackobama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking ronald reagan on the stump ? 
us jobless claims are at a 2 month high
now  @ barackobama's vicechief of joint staff is defending china while they cheat 
the celebrity apprentice delivers the goodsand the puppets sunday at 9  pm  on nbc 
i’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a cont 
i developed the wollman rink under budget and in record time 
china attempted to sell embargoed computers to iran 
i'll be speaking tomorrow at the san jose convention center ca for the first ever national achievers congress 
thousands of us warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from china leaving them open cont 
good  news  @ ricksantorum did the right thing i congratulate him on running a very good race now it's onto  @ barackobama  go get him mitt !
i made my decision to allow jenna talackova to participate in miss universe canada two days before gloria allred cont 
 # midastouch is divided into five sections the second is the index finger which represents focus 
$6 gas is coming sooner than later america must become energy independent with our own resources and fastalso cont 
the five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master cont 
the midas touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success cont 
the  # celebrityapprentice sunday night on nbc at 9  pm  another exciting episode is ready to go 
my book with  @ therealkiyosaki midas touch is divided into five sections the first is the thumb
while  @ barackobama criticizes the gop budget his own party graded him with an f by voting down his budget in the house 4140
he  @ ricksantorum is now losing in the latest  @ ppppolls to  @ mittromney in pennsylvania 
here's the deal :  when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military cont 
here's the solution on china :  get tough slap a 25 percent tax on china's products if they don't set a real cont 
 @ barackobama doesn't believe in the supreme court or its poweri thought he was a constitutional lawyer why cont 
another solar company  @ barackobama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy  
chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/barrel 
what will be  @ ricksantorum's excuse tomorrow after  @ mittromney wins wisconsin and maryland ? time for rick to face reality and drop out
he  @ barackobama wants record high gas pricesdrilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime 
 @ obamacare is a disaster despite the mandate there will still be 27m uninsured and premiums will rise at faster rate 
white house press sec had a hard time explaining why  @ barackobama supported tax breaks for oil companies in cont 
 @ mittromney studying ways to increase pressure on china over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices 
it was great seeing  @ missuniverse and  @ missteenusa yesterday 
don't forget the three hour episode of celebrity apprentice this sunday night 8 pm 11 pm  on nbc you're in for a cont 
 @ georgezimmerman doesn't look injured to me even if he's in a fight does he have to use a gunand why shoot cont 
the fed must be reined in in 2011 the fed bought 61 percent of us debteven more than 2008 unsustainable ! 
liberals can hardly belileve itthey can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when cont 
the house republicans and democrats are finally unanimous ! yesterday they voted down  @ barackobama's $36t budget cont 
fans like winners they come to watch starsgreat exciting players who do great exciting things  # theartofthedeal
what's incredible is that  @ obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage cont 
 @ ricksantorum is desperate he is now saying that he wants to be  @ mittromney's vp 
behind the scenes photo of  @ gretawire and i filming an interview 
let's not get too excited about monday's us supreme court oral argument on  # obamacare before the decision no cont 
obamacare is clearly unconstitutional hopefully the usc rules correctly but in the end repealing obamacare requires a political solution
he  @ barackobama is caught on tape making election promises to  @ medvedevrussiae on missile defense and national security 
with china beating us like a punching bag daily opec vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight cont 
he  @ barackobama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure he is 100 responsible for solyndra 
 @ ricksantorum is desperate now he is saying that he would prefer  @ barackobama over  @ mittromney cont 
don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice this sunday night at 9  pm  on nbc you're in for a great show
happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin
the blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother obama because it's all part of his broader nannystate cont 
the saudis are taking credit for a meager 2 drop on crude 
he  @ mittromney had another impressive win last night in illinois his delegate lead is insurmountable it is cont 
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing the gop primary gas prices the doral purchase and my outlook on the economy 
 @ mittromney should consider gov mcdonnell of va gov christie of nj and senator rubio of fl for vp really good men doing a really good job
i am so glad  @ rosie got fired by  @ oprah rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down !
why does  @ barackobama always have to rely on teleprompters ?
my  @ foxandfriends interview where i discuss  @ rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on tv  
my  @ gretawire interview where i discuss why  @ barackobama is an economic ignoramus and how opec is inflating gas prices 
give great credit to  @ georgeclooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in sudan
rosie o'donnell has failed again her ratings were abysmal and oprah cancelled her on friday night when will cont 
 @ barackobama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like solyndra he is an economic ignoramus
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ teamcavuto where i explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources 
be sure to watch  # celebapprentice on sunday night at 9  pm  on nbc another great episode !
once again  @ ricksantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign he is ineligible in large section of cont 
he  @ barackobama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the british state dinner 
last week was a first in  # celebapprentice when i fired 2 celebrities at once wish i could fire  @ ricksantorum ! cont 
i'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals i strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but cont 
the  @ barackobama administration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices 
i commend  @ drzuhdijasser for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks
 @ nicollettesheridan lost a big motion yesterdayshe is entitled to nothing the show made hershe should have been happy
the 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates 
 @ mittromney did well last night he won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates  @ mittromney will be the nominee
 @ barackobama doesn't have an answer for how much americans should pay for gas 
 # trumpvlog my thoughts on afghanistan  @ ricksantorum and why i fired two people on this week's  # celebapprentice 
my  @ gretawire interview from last friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the doral 
nyc's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the muslim community vigilance keeps us cont 
he  @ ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on  @ barackobama
cadillac championship at doral a great successi just bought doralit will be amazing cadillac a great american car
his  @ barackobama's specialties ? vacations and campaigning jobs not so much !
pathetic barackobama did not want to veto keystone himselfso he lobbied the democrats in the senate to defeat it
when i was 18 people called me donald trump when he was 18  @ barackobama was barry soweto weird
personally i'm glad the nypd is monitoring the actions of certain extremists new york's finest ! i support them
the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9  pm  on nbc another great episode !
coincidence ? more than half of  @ barackobama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs 
ray kelly is the best police commissioner in nyc history keeping nyc safe thru vigilance  @ raykelly
he is a professional and true gentleman georgetakei is one of my favorite contestants from  # celebapprentice
gas is $6 already in california don' worry   @ barackobama's algae energy policy is going to pay major cont 
he  @ barackobama will lose a delegate in oklahomahe only got 57 of the vote in the democrat primary 
he  @ barackobama claims he does not want higher gas prices that's not what he said in 2008 :   
happy and proud to help  @ mittromney win ohio with robocalls in pivotal cuyahoga county
the military threat from china is giganticand it's no surprise that the communist chinese government lies cont 
someone should ask  @ barackobama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined
strong leader israeli pm  netanyahu explained at aipac the threat israel faces from iran's nuclear drive he is cont 
he  @ barackobama is using the irs to sabotage the tea party 
china is raising its defense budget by 11 
with respect to iran we have all the cardsthey are scared stiff ! i can't believe we aren't able to negotiate cont 
my  @ squawkcnbc interview discussing why  @ mittromney is a great nominee gas prices and why george will is a loser 
i fully support the  @ nypd  @ mayorbloomberg and  @ commissionerkelly they should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11not demonized
once again  @ barackobama's speech at  @ aipac yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing  @ israel cont 
dopey  @ georgewill the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the republican cont 
if history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national cont 
the real unemployment rate according to the cbo is 15 
 @ barackobama claims that his koran apology calmed things down 
 @ barackobama should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive  @ barackobama
china is getting minerals from afghanistan 
gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row 
 @ barackobama seems to have no regard for how china is conducting massive industrial espionage against the cont 
obamacare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants yet  @ barackobama is cutting our troops healthcare  cont 
he was quick to issue an apology on behalf of america to karzai why won't he release the letter ?  @ barackobama 
america will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration mittromney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset
the oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo  @ barackobama should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve
my  @ squawkcnbc interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsdoral hotel  country club and more
new york times apologizes to donald trumpa recent story in the new york times incorrectly stated that donald cont 
what america needs mittromney follows in steps of kemp and reagan with progrowth tax cut
this is good  news  mittromney is now leading in michigan by 6 points according to  @ rasmussenpoll 
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ gretawire discussing the  # cnndebate and how to deal with iran without using force   
take a tour of this amazing residence at trump world tower 
debbie wasserman schultz is hard to watch or listen tono wonder our country is going to hell !
half of americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt
irony !  @ barackobama was in florida yesterday fundraising gas also rose to $6/gallon for florida drivers yesterday 
iranian pastor  # nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the mullahs because he is a christian cont 
in last night's  # cnndebate  @ mittromney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore america's future
my interview with  @  news maxmedia where i explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why  @ ricksantorum can't win 
my robocall on behalf of  @ mittromney playing across the state of michigan   
we need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong  # timetogettough 
rev graham made a critical point  @ barackobama has turned a blind eye to the christians being persecuted in cont 
now  @ barackobama wants us to believe the republicans cancelled keystone and are responsible for $4 gas he cont 
 @ celebapprentice is having wonderful ratings once again  @ ivankatrump   @ donaldjtrumpjr i am very proud of this season
as the  @ barackobama's took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9 and underemployment at cont 
my interview with  @ paulwtalk on  @ wjrradio on behalf of  @ mittromney discussing why michigan needs to go for romney 
iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil opec is ripping us off while  @ barackobama watches 
as the nuclear crisis with iran shows america needs to import oil from a reliable region keystone xl pipeline cont 
michelle obama's weekend ski trip toaspen makes it 16 times that obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years cont 
foreigners slashed the purchase of us debt late last yearthe first time in over 2years we must control spending 
mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer opec is ripping us off there's nobody in our cont 
he  @ mittromney wrote a great piece on china 
by raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs  @ barackobama continues to weaken our cont 
i've got  news  for president  @ barackobama :  america is not what's wrong with the world i don't believe we need cont 
weakness is very dangerous barackobama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal america keeps the world safe !
gallup poll proves that  @ barackobama's regulation and obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring 
yesterday china vp xi stressed the benefits of trade with china to congress 
old post office building in dc will be a worldclass trump property honored to be doing this historic buildingwashington will be proud
he  @ mittromney gets the china problem why don't the others ?
very successful fund raising for  @ mittromney yesterday good to see my friend woody johnson
 @ dansalbreiter   maybe they don't want to
pat caddell on neil cavuto tonight :  i've watched donald trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to cont 
canada's  pm  was in china last week brokering a deal to sell the oil  @ barackobama rejected in keystone 
wrong policy barackobama wants to cut defense spending by $487b while china is building their navy in the pacific 
the recession was made worse by  @ barackobama a $900billion deficit is not getting better
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
 @ joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out
 @ foxtrot1  i was in my twenties
the final part of restoring fiscal sanity to america is the most obvious and that's to control obamastyle cont 
china is our enemy it's time we start acting like itand if we do our job corectly china will gain a whole cont 
flattering over 500 upset people called maralago disappointed i am not running for presidentbut mitt romney will do a great job
in today's  # trumpvlog i speak about the chopper recently made for me by  @ occhoppers
 @ barackobama's budget funds the arab spring with $800b and the muslim brotherhood in egypt $13b in military aid he loves radical islam
this is dangerous barackobama is seeking to shrink israeli military funding but gives $13billion to muslim cont 
so wrong !  @ barackobama is hosting china's vp xi jinping today at the pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons
watch late night with jimmy fallon on nbc at 12 : 35 est tonighti'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me
it's a plain fact :  free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone cont 
honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers we are making america  # 1 again  # timetogettough
 @ barackobama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the dnc convention  he is charging $1 million for a single suite
“as someone once put it ‘marriage is the greatest ‘antipoverty’ program god ever created’”  # timetogettough
 @ mittromney will give a great speech at cpac today he understands the threat from china
q/a  @ thecelidebiasio  the secret behind my success is that i love what i'm doing that gives me energy focus cont 
q/a  @ saychowder  i receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally
why should he ? he's only the potusand  @ barackobama has no opinion on whether the senate should pass a budget 
lawrence o'donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled tv series mister cont 
 @ bonniebell   every citizen has the right to do political analysisand shouldas well as to endorse cont 
 @ jlukerobinson the best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with robert kiyosaki midas touch cont 
jon huntsman called to see me i said no he gave away our country to china !  @ jonhuntsman
check out a picture of the custom made trump bike that paul teutul sr presented to me today in trump tower 
i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' ? cont 
obamacare is an attack on our country's identity the latest victim is the catholic church it must be full repealed  @ barackobama
 @ npbraden  i already have two great pilots
 @ fatmaninaspeedo  i have not met  @ macmiller but his song donald trump has had over 40 milion hits maybe he should pay me somethiing
 @ grimeygatsby  i only require four hours of sleep per night
 @ barackobama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the wh east room while our country burns 
glad to see no charges against greg kelly his accusers' charges never made sense !
 @ missdrax  my first job was working for and with my father fred c trump
 @ nathanfuchs  @ lawrence he's not a smart man he is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth all reasons why his ratings stink !
vanity fair is failing  news tand sales are down 20 percent2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has cont 
i see  @ flgovscott poll numbers are improving good man doing a good job
many many people are disappointed i didn't run third partybut i won't risk  @ barackobama benefiting from a split in the antiobama vote
a record 12 million americans have left the job force during  @ barackobama's recovery 
destroying the world's finest healthcare system so that  @ barackobama can have his socialized medicine program cont 
i believe  @ barackobama is manipulating the jobless numbers 
as china is building an air and naval force  @ barackobama is cutting ours 
he's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in america  @ barackobama has done an cont 
not the world only your tiny group of viewersthe world doesn't care about you  @ lawrence you're too stupid to cont 
to vote for me and century 21 for the best  # superbowl commercial click the following link and “like” the page 
you’re hired ! the  @ century21 ad is airing during the  # superbowl and you need to get voting ! vote for me   @ century21 :  
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ gretawire discussing why i endorsed  @ mittromney and why he will make a great president 
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ teamcavuto discussing my endorsement of  @ mittromney and how i came to my decision  
i watched  @ barackobama at the national prayer breakfast  and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words cont 
he  @ barackobama wants to release 5 senior taliban detainees back to the taliban 
his spending is reckless barackobama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit   
america became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of selfreliance  # timetogettough cont 
a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off we've done it before  # timetogettough   
i was on  @ squawkbox this morning  
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ teamcavuto discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the fl cont 
great  news  that the new york stock exchange won't be owned by a german company european regulators turned the cont 
congratulations to  @ mittromney for an impressive win in florida he performed well under pressure
keystone johnboehner must pass keystone by linking it to another bill  
the muslim brotherhood  @ barackobama's allies in egypt will cancel the camp david agreement 
a commander in chief has to possess the right instincts that's one of the biggest problems with  @ barackobama :  cont 
what's incredible is that obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage cont 
today is a big day for us and for toronto :  trump international hotel  tower toronto opens today cont 
keystone must be approved through congress  @ barackobama is costing america over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high
glad to hear bella santorum is recovering  @ ricksantorum has a beautiful family
the military threat from china is gigantic and it's no surprise that the communist chinese government lies cont 
another electric car firm that  @ barackobama gave $118m just went bankrupt 
he admits his presidency has been flawedbut  @ barackobama claims economy is stronger 
he makes a mistake every hour every day admits  @ barackobama 
i've got  news  for president obama :  america is not what's wrong with the world  # timetogettough
“it’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way obama has allowed america to be abused and kicked around cont 
“we need more grownups in washington people who will shoot straight and level with the american people”  # timetogettough
 @ barackobama’s sotu claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100 false 
my  @ squawkcnbc interview from earlier in the week discussing the gop primary and  @ newtgingrich's electability 
 # trumpvlog my thoughts on the state of the union address apple and a great  @ wsj article 
after solyndra  @ barackobama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies he must be accountable
tom brokaw keeps calling mitt romney george mitt's father sadly time is up for tom
it is a shame keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then  @ barackobama would have wasted billions on it
a gallon of gas has more than doubled while  @ barackobama has been potus and he still won't approve keystone
tonight in his sotu  @ barackobama won't talk about keystone he will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare
capitalism requires capital when government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates cont 
iran is threatening to shut the strait of hormuz and  @ barackobama won't approve the keystone pipeline his energy policy makes america weak
a tough week was had by @ mittromney but he's come back from adversity before
to the  @ barackobama administration saving money isn't the pointexpanding government and spending more cont 
while obama is obsessed with green collar jobs blue collar workers aren't buying it cont 
my  @  news maxmedia interview from friday where i predicted that  @ newtgingrich in south carolina would change the race
congratulations to  @ newtgingrich on a stunning win in south carolina all eyes are on florida now
the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran iran's nuclear program is the threat not israel's right to selfdefense
we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy  # timetogettough  cont 
when will  @ barackobama release his transcripts ? what is he hiding ?
a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off we've done it before  # timetogettough  
rick perrya good man a great family and a patriot
my  @ fox news  with  @ gretawire discussing the keystone pipeline reelection is more important than 20000 jobs and cont 
“china presents three big threats to the united states in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic cont 
 @ barackobama is unveiling a tourism plan in disney world on thursday 
 @ barackobama ‘asked’ iran for our drone back they are returning a miniature model 
 @ barackobama won’t approve the keystone pipeline so canada is now looking to sell their oil to china cont 
there are 11 more solyndras in the  @ barackobama energy program 
i bought tim tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause fighting breast cancer 
rosie o'donnell's show is dead can't keep going for long with such poor ratings  @ rosie is a stone cold cont 
newly released documents show geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  
the republicans should not give  @ barackobama the authority to raise the debt another $12trillion cont 
while  @ barackobama is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the talibanwho facilitated 9/11
our marines are sent to kill the taliban not coddle them usmc should be praised not investigated semper fi  !
an iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in tehran yesterdaylots of problems to come @ barackobama we need real leadership
with unempoyment over 10 in 2009  @ barackobama held an extravagant alice in wonderland party he is a man of the people !
if you stop by trump tower fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets you can buy a presigned copy of  # timetogettough
opec has just raised oil to over $102/barrel and  @ barackobama still won't approve the keystone pipeline does he want high gas prices ?
3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president :  part of the reason why  @ barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ gretawire where i discuss my potential gop endorsement and the nh primary 
obamacare is such a national treasure that  @ barackobama has waived over 1200 companies from the law  
priorities barackobama wants to slash a trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of cont 
  @ barackobama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the white house the winners were conveniently all cont 
my  @ foxandfriends interview from this morning   
government needs to stop pickpocketing your wallet every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs  # timetogettough
be sure to watch my interview on  @ gretawire tonight !
amazing   @ barackobama has actually found a government program he can cut in half  the defense departmentbad cont 
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery  huntsman goes donald trump  
getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action  # timetogettough
obama's plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock   # timetogettough
my  @ todayshow interview where i reveal the new cast of celebrity apprentice and discuss the gop primary field 
if history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national cont 
michele bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll very sad for hera nice woman !
congratulations to  @ ricksantorum for coming out of iowa a winner !
the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everythingtax tax tax just one problem :  it doesn't work   # timetogettough
my  @ foxandfriends interview discussing the make america great again texas filing and the iowa caucus 
when will the us government finally classify china as a currency manipulator ? china is robbing us blind and  @ barackobama defends them
nyc should hold a parade for returning iraq and afghanistan veterans
i'm right t pm  is wrong   @ barackobama did not issue a special statement for christmashowever he issued one cont 
the maralago club has the best meatloaf in america tasty 
americans elect on track to put an indy presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states
he is destroying our country :  @ barackobama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $164trillion by the end cont 
it's important that we help poor people to become independent selfsufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work  # timetogettough
what a convenient mistake barackobama issued a statement for kwanza but failed to issue one for christmas 
china is expanding its military bases abroad we must expand our naval fleet now is no time for defense cuts cont 
the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices but obama says no dumb
the habitual vacationer  @ barackobama is now in hawaii this vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion   while there is 20 unemployment
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that  @ barackobama is defeated i changed my voter registration to independent
the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east  @ barackobama says no !
even if  @ barackobama stays in dc taxpayers will pay millions for his hawaii vacation when americans are struggling 
“consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 458 cents in state local and federal taxes”  # timetogettough
“the thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do”  # timetogettough
“we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy he’s also cont 
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ gretawire discussing how  @ barackobama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win 
barney frank looked disgustingnipples protrudingin his blue shirt before congress very very disrespectful
congratulations to  @ americanselect for winning a spot on the california 2012 ballot a major feat !   
i really enjoyed last night's teletown hall with  @ ralphreed's faith and freedom coalition thanks to the thousands who joined
i still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from iraq
for last minute shopping my new book  # timetogettough is a great choice
the average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $350/gallon average both record highs cont 
joe biden said that the taliban 'is not our enemy' i wonder how our troops in afghanistant that are under attack view biden's statement
what a shock ! the us capitol christmas tree pays homage  @ barackobama but failed to mention jesus
a great gift idea is my new book  # timetogettough easy to order on amazon    
it's a plain fact :  free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone # timetogettough
we need a tax system that is fair and smartone that encourages growth savings and investment  # timetogettough
china taxing imports from the us 22 why aren't we taxing china ?
congratulations to my son eric for making the forbes 30 under 30 list he's done a great job !  
barney frank admited that obamacare does have 'death panels' yesterday obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed
with a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt  @ barackobama is spending $4 million of our money on his hawaii vacation just plain wrong
opec is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs us economy is improving' opec uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch
china just put a tariff on us cars and trucks22china is laughing at our inept leaders  @ barackobama
the lightweight  @ jonhuntsman used my name in a debate for gravitasit didn't work sad !
your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead that's why the single most important function of the federal cont 
so biased time made 'the protester' as the person of the year  @ time celebrates ows but vilified the tea party last year
if speeches and memoirs created jobs then  @ barackobama would be ronald reagan
please send a psychiatrist to help  @ rosie she’s in a bad state to  @ rosie’s girlfriend’s parents get cont 
 # noratings  @ lawrence will soon be off tv bad ratings he has a face made for radio
let me put this as plainly as i know how :  iran's nuclear program must be stoppedby any and all means necessary period  # timetogettough
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  # timetogettough book signings can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12 pm  to 2 pm 
the first book signing at trump tower for  # timetogettough was so popular that i'm doing another one today from noon to 2 pm /trump tower
the habitual vacationer  @ barackobama has sacrificed so much he is delaying his 17 day hawaii vacation a couple of hours
the mullahs laughed when  @ barackobama asked iran to return our dronethey will show it to china first
read this about  @ lawrence 
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ gretawire explaining that i am keeping all my options available for 2012 
my  @ fox news  interview with  @ teamcavuto discussing why i will not be moderating the  news max @ iontv debate 
check out my new book  time to get tough :  making america  # 1 again 
thousands of emails from folks urging me to seek the americans elect presidential nomination
he says he will spend $1 b to get reelected barackobama i can match himpreserving my options
 # trumpvlog why i cancelled the great debate 
don't forget my book signing tonight at costco on 1250 old country road in westbury ny from 68  pm  hope to see you there
look here's  the deal barackobama has been a total disaster he has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs  # timetogettough
 @ amazon sold out of  # timetogettough in the first week more copies have been ordered for holidays don't worry
 @ barackobama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined he is simply out of control
i was on a teletownhall with  @ teambachmann and hosted her 4 times in trump tower yet she declined the  news max @ iontv debate no loyalty
excited that  @ ourcountrypac's amy kremer has endorsed the  news maxiontv debate the tea party express is a great group
why was the hanukah celebration held in the white house two weeks early ?  @ barackobama wants to vacation in hawaii in late december sad
iowa congressman  @ stevekingia has endorsed the  news max @ iontv debate he has been doing great work in the house
 # timetogettough the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now 
if the gop establishment really wants to defeat  @ barackobama then they should read  # timetogettough
looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing   @ timetogettough starting at 11am to 2  pm  here in trump tower
be sure to stop by trump tower today  i'll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough  from 11 am to 2  pm 
i'll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough today at trump tower11 am to 2  pm  hope to see you there  # timetogettough
 news max is a great  news  org and and its pres debate in ia on 1227 will be fair balanced  and informative  @ ralphreed
 news max is a great  news  organization and its pres debate in ia on dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative  @ ralphreed
why does  @ barackobama continue to defend radical islam ? he is calling the ft hood massacre workplace violence
happy to have  @ ralphreed and the ffc's endorsement of the  news max @ iontv debate ffc  is a great organization
i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow dec 9th in trump tower from 11 am to … cont 
the architect  @ karlrove is directly responsible for losing both houses   @ barackobama becoming president ignore him
why is the gop establishment so threatened by the  news max   @ iontv debate ? more debate is always better
get it straight :  pakistan is not our friend when our tremendous navy seals took out osama bin laden they did… cont 
canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question :  how will any immigrant applying fo… cont 
forty six million americansmore than at any time ever in the history of this countrynow live under the poverty line  # timetogettough
illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at us taxpayers washington needs to get tough and fight for w… cont 
all this from a guy who lectured americans about tightening their belts barackobama bashes rich people an… cont 
i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing why aren't we talking about onshoring ? we need to bring manufa… cont 
 # timetogettough :  making america  # 1 againmy new bookavailable today   the book both china and opec do not want you to read
when it comes to china  @ barackobama practices pretty please diplomacy he begs and pleads and bowsand it… cont 
my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans time for america to be  # 1 again   # timetogettough
here's my message to  @ barackobama :  america is a capitalistic country get over it and get on with it timetogettough
why doesn't opec lower the price of crude to help avert the european crisis ? crude keeps rising during the dow… cont 
a special message to the staff of  @ trumpwaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary 
when it comes to china  @ barackobama practices pretty please diplomacy he begs and pleads and bowsand it'… cont 
fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative why ?  @ barackobama's failure to lead with the super committee 
newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming the data is unreliable 
unbelievable how he gets away with it :    @ barackobama is flying around on air force one laughing at everybod… cont 
the habitual vacationer barackobama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… cont 
it's inconvenient and inconsiderate barackobama is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl… cont 
in order to get elected  @ barackobama will start a war with iran
the cbo has confirmed that  @ barackobama's stimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs  
i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough :  making america  # 1 again in trump tower on frida… cont 
third quarter gdp was lowered to 2  there won't be any economic recovery until  @ barackobama is defeated
why does  @ barackobama support the radical islamists in egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the tea party ?
washington will continue to run record deficits into the election we are borrowing at a rate of $140 from china truly unsustainable
once iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the strait of hormuz  oil will be over $300/barrel iran'… cont 
the failure of the super committee shows washington has truly incompetent leaders  # timetogettough
obamacare does indeed ration care seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery repeal now ! 
american sanctions alone cannot stop iran's nuclear driveand  @ barackobama cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions
in my new book  # timetogettough i make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth  
why are we giving china foreign aid ? couldn't the super committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay ?  # timetogettough
the habitual vacationer @ barackobamaspent 9 days before the critical super committee deadline traveling  he failed to lead again
as of september 30th we have a record trade deficit with china of over $217billion they are ripping us off   # timetogettough
yesterday  @ barackobama actually spent a full day in washington he didn't campaign fund raise or play golf shocking
my  new book  # timetogettough  out dec 5th  outlines how to make america rich again order now through amazon  
the house's failure to pass the balance budget amendment was another unforced error by the gop very disappointing
china's economy is now projected to overtake the us as the world's largest economy by 2027 
why is  @ barackobama delaying the sale of f16 aircraft to taiwan ? wrong message to send to china  # timetogettough
washington is simply incapable of any moderation because  @ barackobama is such an extreme leftist  he must be defeated  # timetogettough
made in america ?  @ barackobama called his 'birthplace'  hawaii  here in asia    
china is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in australia  meanwhile they are building bases across latin america  # timetogettough
the stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of gdp over 10 years as admitted by  @ barackobama's own cbo 
crude has skyrocketed since  @ barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening
the federal government  has increased its employment by 12 since 2007 we need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed
in the span of two months  @ barackobama the habitual vacationer has called america soft and lazy he loves to criticize america
my new book  time to get tough  comes out  on december 5th preorder on amazoncom it's the best book i've ever written
“when mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place” – the midas touch
waterboarding ksm gave us the intelligence that lead to bin laden
reporter should resign 
 @ barackobama has increased the epa budget by over 150  the epa is an impediment to both growth and jobs  it sends jobs overseas
the supercommittee is a disaster the republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal they hat… cont 
my interview yesterday with  @ foxandfriends discussing the failure of the super committee and gop 2012 
 @ barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years we must defeat him in 2012  # timetogettough
 @ barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline decision until 2013 now canada is looking to export more oil to china 
americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low is this  @ barackobama’s ‘recovery’ ? 
 @ barackobama the habitual vacationer called america lazy this past weekend while in hawaii
watch what's america worth ? hosted and narrated by me this sunday at 9 pm  on  @ discovery 
 @ barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to 2013the pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime  @ barackobama must be defeated
the arab spring has turned into the islamist winter  our ally  @ israel is in a perilous position  we must stand behind  @ israel
my thoughts on joe paterno and political analysts in today's  # trumpvlog 
solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that  @ barackobama is both corrupt and inept
herman cain handled the pressure of the debate really well   @ thehermancain
rick perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening   @ rickperry
china is advocating on behalf of iran's nuclear program  the chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… cont 
instead of trash talking  @  pm israel on the world stage  @ barackobama should be defending  @ israel
america should not be pressuring  @ israel to show restraint against iran we should be working to stop iran's nuclear drive
 # timetogettough the white house correspondents' dinner in my new book time to get toughwatch the  # trumpvlog 
reporter  @ alhunt is one boring and low vision guy !
china 'scorns'  us cyber espionage chargeschina does not respect us  
see what i have to say about the occupy wall street protestors in today's  # trumpvlog 
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests we can't allow iran to go nuclear
the oil companies collude with opec to keep oil artificially overvalued they need to be reigned in
the economy won't fully recover until   @ obamacare is fully repealed it is a job killer !
egypt's muslim brotherhood just made its first visit to hamasled gaza why did  @ barackobama promote the arab spring ?
the   @ supercommittee must cut spending not raise taxes washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem
is jon stewart a racist ? see video that includes clip 
the al qaeda flag is now flying over benghazi  @ barackobama spent over $3billion of our money for this ?
is jon stewart a racist ? see video 
our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these barackobama is proposing over $90 billion in new regulations
obamacare contains marriage penalty taxes why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare ?
my interview from last night with  @ piersmorgan discussing ows  
my interview yesterday with  @ teamcavuto discussing europe's debt deal and the gop primary   
our worst threat to unemployment is  @ obamacare  it will also destroy our country's basic standards
when will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated ? iraq and libya should reimburse us in oil
the debt is our nation's greatest threat  @ barackobama is out of touch
in response to  @ lawrence my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars very low debt great as… cont 
read this about  @ lawrence 
why does the federal government send foreign aid  to china ? unbelievable ! washington is financing america's de… cont 
does  @ barackobama ever work ? he is constantly campaigning and fundraisingon both the taxpayer's dime and timenot fair !
i only go on shows that get ratings that's why i do  @ oreillyfactor  @ hannityshow and  @ gretawire your sho… cont 
printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes the fed is destroyin… cont 
libya is adopting a more radical form of sharia law now under their new leadership is this what  @ barackobama wanted ?
so much for creating american jobs @ barackobama gave $529 million to a green car companyso they can be manufactured in finland
the dollar is at an alltime wwii low against the yen the fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation
the misery index is at a 28 year high
why did  @ barackobama liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors ? iran is a threat to our national security
a simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector
why is  crude oil priced at $86/barrel ?  opec is  ripping us off not worth $30/barrel  america needs new leaders
my thoughts on gadhafi's death  @ barackobama and the misery index 
bob beckel a commentator for fox is bad for the  @ fox news  brand :    @ bobbeckel is close to incompetent
sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities   midas touch w/ @ atherealkiyosaki
america needs to rebuild our infrastructure why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge… cont 
we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multibillion dollar trade deficits
my beautiful wife melania will be appearing on qvc this evening from 8 to 9  pm 
my thoughts on  @ barackobama's campaign 
now china is publicly supporting the ows protests  
late last friday  @ barackobama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1299 trillion  the second largest in us history
happy to have passed 800000 followers  looking forward to passing 1m sooner than later
why is  @ barackobama always campaigning or on vacation ?
my new book midas touch in stores now 
be sure to watch my wonderful wife melania trump tonight on  @ qvc at 1am est
stop the china curse  pass the chinese currency bill !
tweet me your questions to answer  # trumpvlog
tune in tonight to greta van susteren's  show on the record which airs on fox  news  at 9  pm 
when will  @ barackobama release an actual budget ?
the fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation
new study shows 80 of congress have no business experienceit shows !
in order to save medicare and stop record premium increaseswe must repeal obamacare
our national debt has grown by 30 and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under  @ barackobama he is a disaster
great meeting with  @ thehermancain yesterday in trump tower great guy !
looking forward to visiting the trump vineyard estates today in charlottesville va for a press conference and the grand opening
i was on  cnn last night with  @ erinburnett
looking forward to speaking at  # sparknb next week in atlantic canadamy first time ever
my book midas touch with robert kiyosaki rich dad poor dad will be in bookstores tomorrowit's a grea… cont 
 @ amandaknox is innocent  italian government should pay for this travesty
sadly vanity fair is a rapidly dying magazine needs new bloodand fast ! going the way of spy magazine
everyone should boycott italy if amanda knox is  not freedshe is totally innocent
 @ jonhuntsman called to set up a meeting haven't returned his call
 @ vpbiden is actually right for once :   biden :  voters should blame obama not bush for economy 
i'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at macy's in business it'… cont 
a simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs unfortunately  washington is incapable of simplifying anything
my  @ fox news  interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in trump tower and also  @ govchristie  
really bad ratings  for lawrence o'donnell on msnbco'reilly is killing him !
when will  @ barackobama present an actual budget ? enough with the games
sleepy chuck todd of nbc falls far short of the late great tim russert
china is stealing our jobs we need to demand china stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage
my interview from yesterday with  @ seanhannity  
obamacare is a major threat to america's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness small businesses will b… cont 
our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases we must cut government spending
opec is ripping us off on oil we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy  # solyndra
 @ erictrump is doing a great job on completing our new trump winery in virginia
 @ barackobama's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me
our next president must stop china's ripoff of america
just finished speaking in sydney australia in front of 20000 people and today i'm off to melbourne for anot… cont 
sorry i will miss the cpac gathering in orlandothere in spiritobama must go
my interview which recently aired on cnbc's squawk box   
i am increasingly concerned with the un's ploy against  @ israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from australia
watch my latest appearance on squawk box  
my thoughts on the emmys in today's  # trumpvlog 
 @ barackobamagreat job on solyndra you are some extremely skilled venture capitalist stick to the memoirs and speeches
 @ barackobama  honored and excited to be listed on  @ attackwatch thanks btw  where are the jobs ?   donald
can you imagine if  @ barackobama had passed cap and trade ? !  energy costs would be double from already record highs
third gun linked to 'fast and furious' identified at border agent's murder scene when will the white house come clean ?
my interview yesterday with  @ teamcavuto where i discuss dick cheney and china  
 @ barackobama will hear loud and clear today the message ny9 is sending by electing  @ bobturner9th   @ israel is our friend and ally
we should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… cont 
i'm very proud of my new crystal collection here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection elmsford  
friends in ny9 let  @ barackobama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of  @ israel  vote for  @ bobturner9th tomorrow !
very exciting i will be at macy’s herald square this wednesday at 5 : 30 pm  to celebrate the launch of trump home crystal !
want jobs ? slash corporate tax rate  tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us  america will boom
 @ barackobamathe stimulus will fail just like the first
i watched potus speech from europesame old tax and spend won't create jobs
 @ ivankatrump always makes me proud    
why is the un planning to attack  @ israel's sovereignty and ignore iran's nuclear program ? the us should look at future funding
china is happy to learn that  @ barackobama plans to borrow another $300 billion  @ barackobama is their favorite client
if only speeches could create jobs then  @ barackobama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record
america needs a tough negotiatornot a community organizer
why was  @ barackobama selling guns to mexican drug dealers ?
a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and medicarenot cuts on seniors
 @ barackobama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs  instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment
the un is about to use its assembly to attack  @ israel we should defund the un entirely if they can't act resp… cont 
 @ barackobama wishes speeches could create jobs  his job is costing america all of ours
oil is double the price now compared to last yearopec is laughing at  @ barackobama
fast and furious put semiautomatics in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans   @ barackobama should answer all questions
 @ barackobama is so inept that i think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the joint session on september 7th just sad
my interview with  @ gretawire last night  everything obama does is a 'campaign speech'  
we must stand firm against the un's ploy to sabotage israelif the un grants the pa statehood then we must immediately defund it
with gas prices rising and the economy failing   @ barackobama seeks to have his epa raise energy prices by $109b  
china's business interests reach far and wideeven domestically within our borders we need to reassess our relationship
the new libyan government should turn over the lockerbie bombernow
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses
crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that opec is ripping us off
iran admits to aiding the libyan rebels and ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks  when will washington learn ? 
libyan rebels should have given us 50 of the oil in return for our military supportwe don't even ask !
why did  @ barackobama and his family travel separately to martha's vineyard ? they love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime
i'm very proud of the work my son  @ erictrump has been doing with the  @ erictrumpfdn take a look 
 @ barackobama inherited $106 trillion in national debtwill leave after his first term with the debt at over $176 trillion
just as i predicted  @ joebiden was a complete disaster in china he condoned the chinese onechild policy an… cont 
as bad as qaddafi waswhat comes next in libya will be worsejust watch
while  @ barackobama continues to defend obamacare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers eve… cont 
 @ barackobama is sure a master delegator he has sent  @ joebiden to china the chinese are laughing at us we must do better
 @ barackobama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1 not create any jobs 2 borrow more money from china 
insurgents in iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacksus wastes  trillions
karl rove lost gop both houses of congress and the white housegave us obama
my interview with  @ gretawire on fox  news  for those who missed it  'obama's constantly on vacation'      
amazingobama speaks market goes  downtrump tells cnbc he's buying stockmarket goes up  should not be that way !
china owes us money 
unemployment is plaguing both black and hispanic youths very troubling
my thoughts on the republican party in today's  # trumpvlog 
 @ barackobama played golf yesterday now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in martha's vineyard  nice work ethic
reporters say it's the trump bumpi tell cnbc i am buying stocks and the market goes up
economic growth can save social security medicare and america
mike huckebee a great guy said the president should appoint me treasury secretary china and opec would not be happy
how will mitt romney defend his  record on jobs and romneycare in tonight's debate ?
congress should get back to washington but  @ barackobama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in martha's vineyard
 @ barackobama took another swipe at the state of israel for building in their capital jerusalem on a jewish hol… cont 
my interview yesterday on the sp downgrade with wolf blitzer on cnn  
my interview with greta last night on fox  news   nation has become all talk no action'   
the sp downgrade is a direct result of  @ barackobama's increased reckless budget spending and obama care he owns this
china demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us our leaders are hope… cont 
my interview last night with greta on fox  news     
thanks to giovanni's coal fire pizza of florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 police athletic league youngsters in ny this friday
watch my interview with greta van susteren on her show on the record tonight on fox  news  in the 10  pm  hour
today's  # trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the republican candidates 
your questions about my desk answered in today's  # trumpvlog 
expresidential pollster pat cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure
no taxes in boehner or reid planimportant victory for america
watched sean hannity last night  a great guy
i just got mike leach's new book  swing your sword he's a great coach and he's written a great book it's definitely worth reading
 @ barackobama has not released his own debt plan yet he's totally lost ineffective desperate gop has its best chance to make a great deal
my wife melania trump's show was a tremendous success last night in case you missed her you can see her again tonight on  @ qvc at 7  pm  et
 @ karlrove's  @ crossroadsgps new ad criticizes obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from china didn't bush do the same thing ?
my interview yesterday from  news max  obama is  'now totally lost'  boehner must not fold  
watch my wife melania trump tonight on  @ qvc at 1 am  so proud of her !
higher taxes kill job creationcut wild government spending and waste
china has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselvesus needs our toughest negotiatorand fast !
fiscal mismanagement of cash costing us taxpayer billionscut fraud and waste before cutting funding for seniors
obama sadly has no business or private sector backgroundand it shows
the pressure on the debt ceiling is on  @ barackobama 
we need a balanced budget amendment because congress has no fiscal discipline
my interview on  @ gretawire last night   our leaders are leading us into 'oblivion' 
china is our enemythey want to destroy us  redstate interview
while  @ barackobama seeks to further destroy  our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs such a total failureas a president
 @ johnboehner   @ ericcantor  you can't con peopleif you don't deliver the goods people will eventually catch on  the art of the deal
 # trumpvlog the republicans must act now don't let  @ barackobama push you around 
who will be the next  @ therealteenusa ? find out this saturday at 8 pm  et on missteenusacom   # teenusa
cut cap and balance taxed enough already !
us  news  named the top10 best hotels in the usand trump int'l hotel  tower nyc and trump int'l hotel  tower chicago are on the list !
while  @ barackobama tries to push gun control 
my interview last night with greta on the gop going el foldo 
 @ johnboehner debt ceiling sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal
more thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's  # trumpvlog 
 @ johnboehner mr speaker bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote ! let's get the ball rolling
on our youtube channel the opening of the incredible trump ocean club in panama 
house gop wants to cut medicare obama took $500 billion from medicare for obamacare both wrong !
obamacare tragedy primed to further explode the deficit  
republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with  @ barackobama in today's debt talksfirst and foremost cutcap and balance
congress is backtime to cut cap and balancethere is no revenue problemthe debt limit cannot be raised until obama spending is contained
tomorrow we'll be going to panama for the opening of our new hotel it's a fantastic building in a fantastic location 
i was in san jose ca on saturday for a sitdown interview for the acn national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people huge !
i've been visiting trump int'l golf links scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world spectacular !  
congratulations to the miss usa pageantit was the  # 1 telecast of the night among abc cbs nbc and fox a great show and a huge success
don't forget the miss usa pageant live on sunday night at 9  pm  et on nbc and you can vote for your favorite beauty ! 
new on our youtube channel today is a brand new  # trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of trump golf… 
your most popular tweet answered why i'm holding off on a presidential bid 
tweet me your questions for the next  # trumpvlog
 @ therealmissusa and the 2011 contestants stopped by trump tower yesterday watch the video 
my appearance on  @ foxandfriends from today 
guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase !  
a sneak peek at sunday's episode of the celebrity apprentice 
 @ oreillyfactor is having a poll cast your vote for me at 
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday night 9  pm  on nbc 
new the next generation videos  @ donaldjtrumpjr 
 @ danmcisaac hopefully this answers your question 
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9  pm  on nbc it's an episode you'll want to seeand one you won't forget !
catch the second part of my interview with bill o'reilly tonight at 8 pm  on fox  news 
watch my latest video blog 
watch me tonight on the o'reilly factor at 8  pm  and 11  pm  est fox  news 
watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on donald j trump's fabulous world of golf 9 pm  et on golf channel 
my latest celebrity apprentice video blog 
don't forget the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9  pm  on nbc for another surprising and exciting episode  
i'll be on with larry kudlow of the kudlow report tonight on cnbc at 7  pm  we'll be discussing current affairs and politics tune in
check out my interview on  @ gma 
catch me on fox  news  right now my interview with neil cavuto 
keep talking about me :  use  # trumproast to tweet about how good i look on  @ comedycentral tonight at 10 : 30/9 : 30c  
check out the trump fabulous world of golf site to meet the fazio familymaster golf course designers
my thoughts on last night's celebrity apprentice 
don't forget to tune in to the celebrity apprentice this sunday night 9  pm  on nbc the fireworks continue
my thoughts on last night's celebrity apprentice 
i appeared on david letterman last night and don't forget sunday nightthe first episode of celebrity apprentice will be on nbc at 9  pm 
coming up in march :  the comedy central roast of donald trump march 15 mark your calendars  
check out today's from the desk of donald trump at 
the westminster dog show asked if i'd be interested in meeting hickory a scottish deerhound who won best in show she came to visit today !
fox news insider with comments on my speech at cpac in washington dc 
watch my speech at cpac in washington dc yesterday 
don't miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning tonight at 9  pm  et 
watch melania on qvc this morning from 10 am to 11 am with her third line of her melania timepieces  jewelry collection
when they have no environmental restrictions ! america' s workers need us 
don't miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning january 31 at 9  pm  et celebrity matches and more
busy doing phoners this week with neil cavuto wolf blitzer fox  friends and larry kudlowcheck out  
don't forget to watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon 12 : 35 am on nbc i'll be making a big announcement !
this afternoon i'll be speaking with neil cavuto on your world with neil cavuto 4  pm  on fox  news 
watch me on late night with jimmy fallon tomorrow night at 12 : 35 am on nbci'll be making a big announcement !
wishing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous new year !
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season !
don't forget to watch larry king tonight cnn at 9  pm   he's a television legend and a great friend it's going to be a fantastic farewell
i'll be appearing on larry king live for his final show thursday night at 9  pm  cnn larry's been on tv for 25 years
all the hotels currently open in the trump hotel collection have been nominated for travel  leisure's world's best awards 2011 
tonight is the apprentice finaleand it's a fantastic episode in every way with the great liza minnelli performing and a new apprentice !
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one of the best everwe're down to the final 3 and it's high excitement all the way 10  pm  on nbc
congratulations to evan lysacek for being nominated si sportsman of the year he's a great guy and he has my vote evanforsi
we're getting down to the wire on the apprenticetune in tonight for some great action ! 10  pm  on nbc
my interview last week with greta van susteren is available here in slightly abridged form 
tonight's episode of the apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show  don't miss it ! 10  pm  on nbc
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss ! be sure to tune in10  pm  on nbc
i'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with greta van susteren 10  pm  on fox  news  it will be the first of a two part series
i was on the view this morning we talked about the apprentice tonight's episode is a great onetough exciting and surprising 10  pm /nbc
be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night 10  pm  on nbc
don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of the apprentice 10  pm  on nbc
an hr solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses   
be sure to watch the apprentice tonight 10  pm  on nbcit's an episode you won't forget !
scotland is beautiful and trump internatonal golf linksscotland is progressing beautifully as well  
don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of the apprentice10  pm  on nbc
i'm honored to be presented the award of doctor of business administration honoris causa from robert gordon university in aberdeen scotland
don't forget to tune in tonight at 10  pm  on nbc for another action packed episode of the apprentice   
be sure to tune in for melania's second qvc show for melania timepieces  jewelry  tonight live from 910  pm  on qvc 
don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of the apprentice 9  pm  est on nbc we're all in for a fantastic new season !
eric did a great job with his eric trump foundation annual charity outing i'm proud of him  
coming up soon :  the two hour premiere of the apprentice next thursday september 16th at 9   pm  on nbc    
there's a lot going on at the eric trump foundation   
i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the us open yesterday she's fantastic !
check out serta's counting sheep and me at the trump international hotel new york 
i'll be on the late show with david letterman tonightbe sure to tune in for a great show 11 : 30  pm  on cbs
the miss universe pageant raked in some great ratings !  a great job by everyone
congratulations to miss mexico jimena navarrete our new miss universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show
it's going to get hotter in las vegas tonight ! watch the miss universe pageant tonight on nbc at 9  pm  i'm looking forward to being there !
the original apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on thursday september 16th looking forward to a fantastic season !
so don't forget to enter the serta counting sheep for hire contest !  wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta
that trip would be to the trump international hotel las vegas
check out the last webisode wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with serta which one was your favorite ?
check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with serta which one was your favorite ?  wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta
performing live on the miss universe pageant from the mandalay bay resort  casino will be telemundo orianthi john legend and the roots
the miss universe pageant will be on august 23 911  pm  on nbc et with bret michaels and natalie morales to cohost live from las vegas
enter the contest
and stay at  the fantastic trump international hotel las vegas 
i'm helping the serta counting sheep get back to work enter the contest 
and here's another
visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekendthis is one
due to popular demand cnn will rebroadcast  the larry king live show i hosted in june in which i interview larry monday july 5 9  pm  cnn
trading shots with donald trumpa great article in the wall street journal
great job on the larry king live gulf telethon last night$13 million was raised in 2 hours
tonight be sure to watch melania and ivanka on larry king live for a celebrity relief telethon  
tune in tonight at 9  pm  on tv one for the ultimate merger starring the one and only omarosa and twelve brave bachelors 
had a fantastic dinner last night at quattro in the trump soho hotel it's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city
wsj covers ride of fame 
rima fakih our beautiful miss usa rode with me on the gray line ride of fame yesterday  
check out gray line's site for the donald trump ride of fame 
tonight i trade places with larry king  @ kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show 9 pm  on cnn featuring best clips
be sure to watch the larry king show tomorrow night on cnn 9  pm  i'll be the host larry the guest 
i'll be turning the table on larry king this saturday night  i'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show
ivanka caught up with bret and holly backstage both bret and holly were champions all the way   
the latest update on bret michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of celebrity apprentice on sundayso tune in !
check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happeningfrom the celebrity apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more
congratulations to our new miss usa  the beautiful rima fakih  rima will represent us well at miss universe and be a wonderful miss usa 
also appearing on the miss usa pageant will be country superstar trace adkins and pop rock sensation boys like girls
be sure to look for my beautiful wife melania trump tonight on qvc at 9  pm  et where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection
to put on your calendar for may :  miss usa 2010 live from las vegas on may 16th 7  pm  et on nbc i'll be theretune in for a great show !
tune in to the marriage ref onthursday night at 10  pm  on nbci'm on the panel of experts along with gloria estefan  adam carolla
the premiere of donald j trump's fabulous world of golf is tomorrow night at 9  pm et on golf channel tune in for a great adventure !
trump soho opens this friday and it is fantastic ! check out the trump hotel collection
then we attended the scottish fashion show that benefits veterans dressed to kilt 2010 which i cohosted with sir sean and lady connery
last night melania and i attended the skating with the stars gala at wollman rink in central park it was fantastic stay tuned for part 2
today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants it was an impressive group  i enjoyed meeting them we've got some great candidates !
the nyc casting call for the apprentice is thisthursday april 1 at trump tower for all the information you need go to nbccom/casting
olympic gold  medalist evan lysacek just left my office he is in town and wanted to meet mehe's a fanastic guy and a true champion
the celebrity apprentice has a twohour premiere this sunday march 14th at 9  pm  on nbc this will be the best season yet see you then !
from donald trump :  andrea bocelli  @  maralago  many say best night of entertainment in long history of palm beach 
from donald trump :  “i’m so proud of my wife melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on qvc on april 30th at 9  pm ”
donald trump appeared on the final episode of the jay leno show to deliver a very special message :  
from donald trump :  i saw lady gaga last night and she was fantastic !
celebrity apprentice returns to nbc sunday 3/14 911 pm  et/pt outstanding list of celebrities  season should be the best one yet !
from donald trump :  wishing everyone a wonderful holiday  a happy healthy prosperous new year let’s think like champions in 2010 !
work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history :  trump international – scotland
from donald trump :  ivanka and jared’s wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple i’m a very proud father
 read what donald trump has to say about daughter ivanka's upcoming new book the trump card :  
 donald trump bids to buy the oreo double stuf racing league check it out :  
reminder :  the miss universe competition will be live from the bahamas  tonight  @  9 pm  est on nbc :  
 watch donald trump's recent appearance on the late show with david letterman :  
ivanka is now on twitter  you can follow her  @ ivankatrump  have a terrific weekend !
check out a list of donald trump's books for summer reading at the trump university blog :  
here's to a safe and happy independence day for one and all  enjoy it ! donald j trump
watch a powerful and frank interview with donald trump about the economy on greta van susteren's on the record :  
thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – donald trump
today is donald trump's birthday ! send him your b'day wishes here :  
read an excerpt from think like a champion by donald j trump :  
your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone donald j trump 
don't forget to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest :  
read a great interview with donald trump that appeared in the new york times magazine :  
we win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment donald j trump 
don’t be afraid of being unique  it's like being afraid of your best self donald j trump 
enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest : 
strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact donald j trump 
miss usa tara conner will not be fired  i've always been a believer in second chances says donald trump
new blog post :  celebrity apprentice finale and lessons learned along the way :  
