oh no the dems are worried again the only one that can kill this comeback is sleepy joe biden !
no contest steve blows him away so important for montana i’ll be there to help steve win big 
thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man passed to run voice of america trying for 25 years and you got it done jim idaho is proud of you ! 
so great to have michael home just arrived very exciting thank you to iran don’t wait until after us election to make the big deal i’m going to win you’ll make a better deal now ! 
few people know where they’ll be in two years from now but i do in the great state of alaska which i love campaigning against senator lisa murkowski she voted against healthcare justice kavanaugh and much else
great to be with our wonderful men and women of the  @ secretservice what a job they are doing ! 
the problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation which you do as a courtesy to help them save face is that it is then harder to say you fired them i did fire james mattis he was no good for obama who fired him also and was no good for me !
in my innercircle was totally exhausted by the job and in the end just slinked away into obscurity they all want to come back for a piece of the limelight !
john kelly didn’t know i was going to fire james mattis nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation why would i tell him he was not
the problem is not the very talented lowflying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city the problem is the arsonists looters criminals and anarchists wanting to destroy it and our country !
michael is tough smart and loves our country this has been a big battle in congress for 25 years thank you to our great republican senate !  @ senatecloakroom
congratulations to michael pack ! nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for america why ? because he is going to be running the voice of america  @ voa news  and everything associated with it
i thought this letter from respected retired marine and super star lawyer john dowd would be of interest to the american people read it ! 
to the united states ! we have now brought more than 40 american hostages and detainees back home since i took office thank you to iran it shows a deal is possible !
i just got off the phone with former american hostage michael white who is now in zurich after being released from iran he will be on a us plane shortly and is coming home
the radical left democrats new theme is “defund the police” remember that when you don’t want crime especially against you and your family this is where sleepy joe is being dragged by the socialists i am the complete opposite more money for law enforcement !  # lawandorder
i am to happy announce that navy veteran michael white who has been detained by iran for 683 days is on a swiss plane that just left iranian airspace we expect him to be home with his family in america very soon
i will never stop working to secure the release of all americans held hostage overseas ! thank you switzerland for your great assistance
make america great again !
mueller should have never been appointed although he did prove that i must be the most honest man in america ! 
how are they doing together ? 
so many people hurt ! 
no roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal witch hunt one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history he can sleep well at night ! 
this witch hunt should never have begun ! 
great job ted country is proud of you 
they spied on the trump campaign and got caught 
i feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong not everyone agrees with me but i have little doubt watch for september october november next year will be one of the best ever and look at the stock market now !
his primary strength was not military but rather personal public relations i gave him a new life things to do and battles to win but he seldom “brought home the bacon” i didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him and many others agree glad he is gone !
his primary strength was not military but rather personal public relations i gave him a new life things to do and battles to win but he seldom “brought home the bacon” i didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him and many others agree glad he is gone !
“there has never been a president in the white house who has been more supportive of hbcus and their mission than president trump” 
the possible exception of another republican president the late great abraham lincolnand it’s not even close the democrats know this and so does the fake  news  but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt ! see “pinned” above
in 3 1/2 years i’ve done much more for our black population than joe biden has done in 43 years actually he set them back big time with his crime bill which he doesn’t even remember i’ve done more for black americans in fact than any president in us history with
really sick to watch the fake and totally slanted  news  ? coming out of msdnc and cnn it bears no relationship to the truth or facts they are merely offshoots of the dnc much like the  @ nytimes and the amazon  @ washingtonpost just like 2016 but worse sad but we will win big !
congratulations to randy feenstra on your big win in the iowa republican primary you will be a great congressman !
the knew it was fake and went with it anyway lamestream media is corrupt ! 
the national guard is ready ! 
thank you ted they got caught cold but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again  spied on makes watergate look like small potatoes ! obamagate ! 
so pathetic to watch the fake  news  lamestream media playing down the gravity and depravity of the radical left looters and thugs ripping up our liberal democrat run only cities it is almost like they are all working together ?
our highest respect to the family of david dorn a great police captain from st louis who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night we honor our police officers perhaps more than ever before thank you ! 
millions of dollars and jobs for the state because of  @ ncgovernor we are now forced to seek another state to host the 2020 republican national convention
had long planned to have the republican national convention in charlotte north carolina a place i love now  @ ncgovernor roy cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the spectrum arena  spend millions of dollars have everybody arrive and
then tell them they will not be able to gain entry governor cooper is still in shelterinplace mode and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised would have showcased beautiful north carolina to the world and brought in hundreds of
and the best is yet to come !
nyc call up the national guard the lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart act fast ! don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the nursing homes ! !
republicans get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on november 3rd make america great again !
my fellow americans  my first and highest duty as president is to defend our great country and the american people i swore an oath to uphold the laws of our nation  and that is exactly what i will do… 
sleepy joe biden’s people are so radical left that they are working to get the anarchists out of jail and probably more joe doesn’t know anything about it he is clueless but they will be the real power not joe they will be calling the shots ! big tax increases for all plus !
sleep joe biden’s people are so radical left that they are working to get the anarchists out of jail and probably more joe doesn’t know anything about it he is clueless but they will be the real power not joe they will be calling the shots ! big tax increases for all plus !
our national guard stopped them cold last night should have been called up sooner ! 
so terrible ! where are the arrests and long term jail sentences ? 
get tough democrat mayors and governors these people are anarchists call in our national guard now the world is watching and laughing at you and sleepy joe is this what america wants ? no ! !
the lamestream media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy as long as everybody understands what they are doing that they are fake  news  and truly bad people with a sick agenda we can easily work through them to greatness !
other democrat run cities and states should look at the total shutdown of radical left anarchists in minneapolis last night the national guard did a great job and should be used in other states before it is too late !
congratulations to our national guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in minneapolis minnesota last night the antifa led anarchists among others were shut down quickly should have been done by mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble !
let new york’s finest be new york’s finest there is nobody better but they must be allowed to do their job !
80 of the rioters in minneapolis last night were from out of state they are harming businesses especially african american small businesses homes and the community of good hardworking minneapolis residents who want peace equality and to provide for their families
crossing state lines to incite violence is a federal crime ! liberal governors and mayors must get much tougher or the federal government will step in and do what has to be done and that includes using the unlimited power of our military and many arrests thank you !
mayor jacob frey of minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late great general douglas mcarthur or great fighter general george patton how come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by liberal democrats ? get tough and fight and arrest the bad ones strength !
these are “organized groups” that have nothing to do with george floyd sad !
the professionally managed socalled “protesters” at the white house had little to do with the memory of george floyd they were just there to cause trouble the  @ secretservice handled them easily tonight i understand is maga night at the white house ? ? ?
they professionally managed socalled “protesters” at the white house had little to do with the memory of george floyd they were just there to cause trouble the  @ secretservice handled them easily tonight i understand is maga night at the white house ? ? ?
they professionally managed socalled “protesters” at the white house had little to do with the memory of george floyd they were just their to cause trouble the  @ secretservice handled them easily tonight i understand is maga night at the white house ? ? ?
got too frisky or out of line they would quickly come down on them hard  didn’t know what hit them the front line was replaced with fresh agents like magic big crowd professionally organized but nobody came close to breaching the fence if they had they would
have been greeted with the most vicious dogs and most ominous weapons i have ever seen that’s when people would have been really badly hurt at least many secret service agents just waiting for action “we put the young ones on the front line sir they love it and
looting leads to shooting and that’s why a man was shot and killed in minneapolis on wednesday night  or look at what just happened in louisville with 7 people shot i don’t want this to happen and that’s what the expression put out last night means
it was spoken as a fact not as a statement it’s very simple nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters and those looking to cause trouble on social media honor the memory of george floyd !
the national guard has arrived on the scene they are in minneapolis and fully prepared george floyd will not have died in vain respect his memory ! !
the national guard has been activated in minneapolis they have arrived on the seen george floyd will not have died in vain respect his memory ! !
these thugs are dishonoring the memory of george floyd and i won’t let that happen just spoke to governor tim walz and told him that the military is with him all the way any difficulty and we will assume control but when the looting starts the shooting starts thank you !
mailin voting will lead to massive fraud and abuse it will also lead to the end of our great republican party we can never let this tragedy befall our nation big mailin victory in texas court today congrats ! !
the men and women of the national guard have been doing a great job fighting the coronavirus this week i will extend their title 32 orders through midaugust so they can continue to help states succeed in their response and recovery efforts
all over the world the coronavirus a very bad “gift” from china marches on not good !
this will be a big day for social media and fairness !
yet she doesn’t let people even breath in michigan a very bad double standard ! 
thank you cowboys see you in new mexico ! 
he looks better ! 
big tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to censor in advance of the 2020 election if that happens we no longer have our freedom i will never let it happen ! they tried hard in 2016 and lost now they are going absolutely crazy stay tuned ! !
at my request the fbi and the department of justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in minnesota of george floyd
i have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement my heart goes out to george’s family and friends justice will be served !
if the fisa bill is passed tonight on the house floor i will quickly veto it our country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history the massive abuse of fisa was a big part of it !
thank you to  @ nasa and  @ spacex for their hard work and leadership look forward to being back with you on saturday !
twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them and their other compatriots is correct big action to follow !
the radical left lamestream media together with their partner the do nothing democrats are trying to spread a new narrative that president trump was slow in reacting to covid 19 wrong i was very fast even doing the ban on china long before anybody thought necessary !
psycho joe scarborough is rattled not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a cold case he knows what is happening !
we pass 15000000 tests today by far the most in the world open safely !
we are acting as a police force not the fighting force that we are in afghanistan after 19 years it is time for them to police their own country bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before if necessary !
new papers make clear that the obama administration spied in an unprecedented manner on the trump campaign and beyond and even on the united states senate nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful usa !
we have informed both india and china that the united states is ready willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute thank you !
happen again just like we can’t let large scale mailin ballots take root in our country it would be a free for all on cheating forgery and the theft of ballots whoever cheated the most would win likewise social media clean up your act now !
republicans feel that social media platforms totally silence conservatives voices we will strongly regulate or close them down before we can ever allow this to happen we saw what they attempted to do and failed in 2016 we can’t let a more sophisticated version of that
the failing  @ nytimes winner of  @ pulitzerprizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal russia witch hunt does its research as follows :  think of the absolute worst things you can say about donald j trump pretend there are sources and just say it return the pulitzers !
great  news  :  the boring but very nasty magazine the atlantic is rapidly failing going down the tubes and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20 of its staff in order to limp into the future this is a tough time to be in the fake  news  business !
twitter is completely stifling free speech and i as president will not allow it to happen !
i hope all republican house members vote no on fisa until such time as our country is able to determine how and why the greatest political criminal and subversive scandal in usa history took place !
didn’t obama whose administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the trump campaign recently also get caught playing golf on a course in virginia despite his wife michelle urging people to stay home before and after his round in a major public service message ?
a total double standard the only thing the dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the fake  news  lamestream media !
one person lost to this invisible virus is too much it should have been stopped at its source china but i acted very quickly and made the right decisions many of the current political complainers thought at the time that i was moving far to fast like crazy nancy !
we made most governors look very good even great by getting them the ventilators unlimited testing and supplies all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles so they look great and i just keep rolling along doing great things and getting fake lamestream  news  !
living in the state no matter who they are or how they got there will get one that will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people many of whom have never even thought of voting before how and for whom to vote this will be a rigged election no way !
great reviews on our handling of covid 19 sometimes referred to as the china virus ventilators testing medical supply distribution we made a lot of governors look very good  and got no credit for so doing most importantly we helped a lot of great people !
nobody in 50 years has been weaker on china than sleepy joe biden he was asleep at the wheel he gave them everything they wanted including ripoff trade deals i am getting it all back !
3 months and if i waited 3 years they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway they are sick with hatred and dishonesty they are truly deranged ! they don’t mention sleepy joe’s poor work ethic  or all of the time obama spent on the golf course often flying to
hawaii in a big fully loaded 747 to play what did that do to the socalled carbon footprint ? he also played moments after the brutal killing by isis of a wonderful young man totally inappropriate  and it was me who shattered 100 of the isis caliphate i was left a mess !
transition to greatness ! get ready it is already happening again !
to find with all of the jobs and economic develo pm ent it brings another republican national convention site this is not something i want to do thank you and i love the people of north carolina !
made by many thousands of enthusiastic republicans and others to head to beautiful north carolina in august they must be immediately given an answer by the governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied if not we will be reluctantly forced
full attendance in the arena in other words we would be spending  millions of dollars building the arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the democrat governor would allow the republican party to fully occupy the space plans are being
make america great again !
having the g7 meeting in washington is very important for those countries and the world ! 
among many other very important events meetings and calls ! 
i give and have given from the beginning my entire yearly salary $400000 to $450000 back to our government last check to hhs covid relief my great honor ! 
sleepy joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that i went to play golf exercise today they think i should stay in the white house at all times what they didn’t say is that it’s the first time i’ve played golf in almost 3 months that biden was constantly
the democrats are trying to rig the 2020 election plain and simple ! 
you are right ! 
cases numbers and deaths are going down all over the country !
the united states cannot have all mail in ballots it will be the greatest rigged election in history people grab them from mailboxes print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign also forge names some absentee ok when necessary trying to use covid for this scam !
make america great again !
who are the rino or two ! 
sleepy joe cannot bring us to greatness he is the reason i’m here ! 
all things that i have gotten done including criminal justice reform ! 
caught in the act ! 
beginning was forced to apologize fake  news  ! after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 election and is now willing to write anything even if not truthful he laughs at his boss publisher ag sulzberger and i laugh at them all the  @ nytimes is a total mess !
 @ deanbaquet is to be seriously respected he has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism and he became executive editor of the failing new york times not easy to do he has given up on “figuring trump out” called it all wrong from the
why doesn’t  @ fox news  put up the cnbc poll or the believe it or not !  @ cnn poll ? hope roger a is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation !
do nothing ag of the great state of michigan dana nessel should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on ford motor  they might get upset with you and leave the state like so many other companies have  until i came along and brought business back to michigan jobs !
usa will be bigger and stronger than ever before ! 
is this even possible to believe ? can this be for real ? where is this nursing home how is the victim doing ?
on monday the flags will be at halfstaff in honor of the men and women in our military who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation
i will be lowering the flags on all federal buildings and national monuments to halfstaff over the next three days in memory of the americans we have lost to the coronavirus
many will disagree but  @ fox news  is doing nothing to help republicans and me get reelected on november 3rd sure there are some truly great people on fox but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network people like dummy juan williams schumerite chris
china is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have sleepy joe biden win the presidential race so they can continue to ripoff the united states as they have done for decades until i came along !
it all comes from the top they could have easily stopped the plague but they didn’t !
spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of china trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world its disinformation and propaganda attack on the united states and europe is a disgrace
together we built the greatest economy in history we will do it again – better than ever before !
great call with thousands of our hispanic community business and faith leaders today during this national trial we have been uplifted by the grit determination prayers and patriotism of hispanic americans
michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 77 million people ahead of primaries and the general election this was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue secretary of state i will ask to hold up funding to michigan if they want to go down this voter fraud path !
beaten sleepy joe in a landslide every state if these events didn’t happen even if warren just dropped out he would have easily won dems did it to him with crooked hillary and now even more soand bernie doesn’t even complain vote for trump on trade better than bs !
congratulations to my daughter tiffany on graduating from georgetown law great student great school just what i need is a lawyer in the family proud of you tiff !
my team is closely monitoring the flooding in central michigan – stay safe and listen to local officials our brave first responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens thank you !
now that our country is “transitioning back to greatness” i am considering rescheduling the g7 on the same or similar date in washington dc at the legendary camp david the other members are also beginning their comeback it would be a great sign to all  normalization !
some wacko in china just released a statement blaming everybody other than china for the virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of china” and nothing else that did this mass worldwide killing !
a really great woman and what a job she is doing ! 
they got caught some very nervous criminals out there thank you ted ! 
thanks sleepy joe has given you nothing and never will ! 
this is the letter sent to dr tedros of the world health organization it is selfexplanatory ! 
 @ fox news  is no longer the same we miss the great roger ailes you have more antitrump people by far than ever before looking for a new outlet ! 
we are with them ! 
the wall street journal editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in afghanistan could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years and while soldier counts are way down now hardly impulsive besides the taliban is
mixed about even wanting us to get out they make a fortune $$$ by having us stay and except at the beginning we never really fought to win we are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are especially now as rebuilt no i am not acting impulsively !
wow ! the front page  @ washingtonpost headline reads “a boost in tests but lack of takers” we have done a great job on ventilators testing and everything else were left little by obama over 11 million tests and going up fast more than all countries in the world combined
true except to the fake  news  media and a former president who didn’t have a clue ! 
this is unbelievable ! 
this love of country went all over they hate fake  news  and so do i ! 
this picture seems like just yesterday when ronald recieved the congressional medal of honor what a man ! 
watch  @ marklevinshow tonight on  @ fox news  he covers the russia hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the obama administration they got caught ! a repeat later in evening really something
i think that is a great compliment thank you james ! 
the most incompetent and corrupt administration in us history ! 
wall is going up fast 184 miles as of today ! 
hard to believe considering the lamestream media is totally corrupt the people understand ! 
a great guy a great book ! 
fake journalism so bad for our country ! 
the obama administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in us history remember he and sleepy joe are the reasons i am in the white house ! !
thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters” i will never let you down !  # maga 
phyllis george was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television the nfl could not have made a better “pick” when they choose phyllis to be the first woman to represent them also a wonderful first lady of kentucky as the wife of gov john y brown
are therefore given massive advantages over the united states and everyone else ? prior to the plague floating in from china our economy was blowing everybody away the best of any country ever we will be there again and soon !
why is it that china for decades and with a population much bigger than ours is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to the world health organization the united nations and worst of all the world trade organization where they are considered a socalled “developing country” and
doing a great job ! 
mitch i love you but this is 100 true time is running out get tough and move quickly or it will be too late the dems are vicious but got caught they must pay a big price for what they have done to our country don’t let them get away with this !  @ lindseygrahamsc 
this is true i say it all the time the republicans must play by the same rules or die ! wow mollie you are good 
one of a kind ! 
america is proud of ron johnson he never gives up ! 
is the nfl watching ? 
people can’t get enough of this great people ! 
we’ve done a great job on covid response making all governors look good some fantastic and that’s ok but the lamestream media doesn’t want to go with that narrative and the do nothing dems talking point is to say only bad about “trump” i made everybody look good but me !
mexico must take control of this very big problem ! 
lou this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10 of what we have been paying over many years matching much lower china payments have not made final decision all funds are frozen thanks ! 
another fake whistleblower republicans must do something about these terrible people and now ! 
chicago’s  @ cta has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go $817m will aid in the economic recovery — buy made in the usa !
thank you to  @ foxandfriends for covering supremely the greatest political scandal in the history of the united states obamagate fake  news   @ cnn and concast’s own msdnc are only trying to make their 3 year con job just go away they are embarrassed and don’t know what to do
likewise the  @ nytimes and  @ washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism they are all fake  news  and they know it better than anyone else history is unfolding and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”
thank you to all of my great keyboard warriors you are better and far more brilliant than anyone on madison avenue ad agencies there is nobody like you !
thank you my great honor ! 
thanks you are very cool ! 
on my way see you soon ! 
on my way to pennsylvania ! 
if i were a senator or congressman the first person i would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the usa by far is former president obama he knew everything do it  @ lindseygrahamsc just do it no more mr nice guy no more talk !
good numbers coming out of states that are opening america is getting its life back ! vaccine work is looking very promising before end of year likewise other solutions !
i don’t know the socalled whistleblower rick bright never met him or even heard of him but to me he is a disgruntled employee not liked or respected by people i spoke to and who with his attitude should no longer be working for our government !
the great state of wisconsin home to tom tiffany’s big congressional victory on tuesday was just given another win its democrat governor was forced by the courts to let the state open the people want to get on with their lives the place is bustling !
as i have said for a long time dealing with china is a very expensive thing to do we just made a great trade deal the ink was barely dry and the world was hit by the plague from china 100 trade deals wouldn’t make up the difference  and all those innocent lives lost !
when the socalled “rich guys” speak negatively about the market you must always remember that some are betting big against it and make a lot of money if it goes down then they go positive get big publicity and make it going up they get you both ways barely legal ?
obama was always wrong ! 
does anybody believe this man ? caught ! 
big congressional win in california for mike garcia taking back a seat from the democrats this is the first time in many years that a california dem seat has flipped back to a republican also tom tiffany beat his democrat rival big in wisconsin two great congressional wins !
fake  @ pulitzerprizes must be taken back these “journalists” got everything wrong give them to the real journalists who got it right ! 
big  news  :  tom tiffany of the great state of wisconsin has just become congressman tom tiffany he will do a fantastic job for the people of wisconsin and the united states congratulations !
as long as other countries are receiving the benefits of negative rates the usa should also accept the “gift” big numbers !
crude oil prices going up as saudi arabia cuts production levels our great energy companies with millions of jobs are starting to look very good again at the same time gasoline prices at record lows like a big tax cut the best of all worlds “transition to greatness”
wisconsin please get out now and vote for tom tiffany for congress a great guy !
looking forward to being in allentown pennsylvania on thursday i love the state and for very good reason !
remember this every governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the coronavirus and i am happy for them all could in no way have gotten those numbers or had that success without me and the federal governments help from ventilators to testing we made it happen !
our testing is the best in the world by far ! numbers are coming down in most parts of our country which wants to open and get going again it is happening safely !
the american people are warriors !
asian americans are very angry at what china has done to our country and the world chinese americans are the most angry of all i don’t blame them !
more than all other countries together ! 
remember get out and vote for mike garcia in ca25 a really big deal for our country !
when will they open a cold case on the psycho joe scarborough matter in florida did he get away with murder ? some people think so why did he leave congress so quietly and quickly ? isn’t it obvious ? what’s happening now ? a total nut job !
a great time to have strong borders and we now have the strongest borders in our history 182 miles of border wall already built ! dems want open borders let everyone in no thanks ! 
then we must be very careful crazy nancy would be a total disaster and the usa will never be a communist country ! 
the lamestream media is truly out of control look how they work conspire ! together they are the enemy of the people but don’t worry we will win in november ! 
tom tiffany  @ tomtiffanywi is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin wi07 we need tom in congress to help us make america great again ! he will fight for small business supports our incredible farmers loves our military and our vets
he is strong on crime the border and second amendment tom has deep roots in wisconsin is a big tax cutter and will help me drain the swamp ! tom has my complete and total endorsement vote for tom tiffany ! 
the enemy of the people sadly our lamestream media is totally corrupt ! 
because it was obamagate and he and sleepy joe led the charge the most corrupt administration in us history ! 
the great people of pennsylvania want their freedom now and they are fully aware of what that entails the democrats are moving slowly all over the usa for political purposes they would wait until november 3rd if it were up to them don’t play politics be safe move quickly !
coronavirus numbers are looking much better going down almost everywhere big progress being made !
dems are trying to steal the mike garcia congressional race in california republicans get out and vote for your terrific candidate asap !
great credit being given for our coronavirus response except in the fake  news  they are a disgrace to america !
 @ fcc  this is a disgrace even worse than  @ nbc usually is which is really bad sleepy eyes must be fired ! 
this is why it’s not really the lamestream media it’s the rigged mediaand it is what i’m up against it was corrupt in 2016 now it is much more corrupt and what you are seeing is the least of itbut we will win again ! 
 @ cbs and their show  @ 60minutes are doing everything within their power which is far less today than it was in the past to defend china and the horrible virus pandemic that was inflicted on the usa and the rest of the world i guess they want to do business in china !
this book is a must buy ! 
wow this is big ! 
the biggest political crime in american history by far ! 
when are the fake journalists who received unwarranted pulitzer prizes for russia russia russia and the impeachment scam going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right i’ll give you the names there are plenty of them !
so great to see our country starting to open up again ! 
and we caught them and their illegal activities ! 
and many more ! 
so in california the democrats who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots and succeeded have just opened a voting booth in the most democrat area in the state they are trying to steal another election it’s all rigged out there these votes must not count scam !
tom tiffany  @ tomtiffanywi is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin wi07 we need tom in congress to help us make america great again ! he will fight for small business supports our incredible farmers loves our military and our vets
he is strong on crime the border and second amendment tom has deep roots in wisconsin is a big tax cutter and will help me drain the swamp ! tom has my complete and total endorsement vote for tom tiffany !
must read for anybody looking for us security and protection go get it now and make tom a top best seller — he deserves it !
retired ice director tom homan knows more about the border and border security than anyone he’s a tough guy but a good guy  and as smart as they come his new book “defend the border and save lives :  solving our most important humanitarian and security crisis” is a
yesterday was a big day for justice in the usa congratulations to general flynn and many others i do believe there is much more to come ! dirty cops and crooked politicians do not go well together !
as you know i designated this day to be a national day of prayer as our nation heals our spirit has never been stronger ! 
the fake  news  has reached an all time high !
i was thrilled to be back in the great state of arizona with the incredible patriotic and hardworking men and women of  @ honeywell ! 
on  # nationalteacherday we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character integrity and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our nation’s students thank you ! 
getting ready to land in the great state of arizona !
the do nothing democrats and their leader the fake  news  lamestream media are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our country no matter what we do or say no matter how big a win they report that it was a loss or not good enough the enemy of the people !
for the constant criticism from the do nothing democrats and their fake  news  partners here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle compared to other countries dems and lamestream media should be proud of the usa instead of always ripping us down ! 
governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts which will be soon some governors never stopped which proved to be very smart they built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods also saved big dollars !
exciting to see our country starting to open up again ! 
because they don’t know how to win and their socalled lincoln project is a disgrace to honest abe i don’t know what kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband moonface but it must have been really bad john weaver lost big for kasich to me crazed rick wilson
interesting ? by congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus they are saying that they are not “essential”  in any event we have great testing capacity and have performed 65 million tests which is more than every country in the world combined !
mexico is sadly experiencing very big coronavirus problems and now california get this doesn’t want people coming over the southern border a classic ! they are sooo lucky that i am their president border is very tight and the wall is rapidly being built !
republicans love the biggest tax cuts rebuilt military choice for vets saving 2nd amendment and many other things my administration has done but what they love beyond all else is 252 so far ! federal judges not including two great supreme court justices a big record !
“concast” should open up a long overdue florida cold case against psycho joe scarborough i know him and crazy mika well used them beautifully in the last election dumped them nicely and will state on the record that he is “nuts” besides bad ratings !  # openjoecoldcase
i’m with the truckers all the way thanks for the meeting at the white house with my representatives from the administration it is all going to work out well !
intelligence has just reported to me that i was correct and that they did not bring up the coronavirus subject matter until late into january just prior to my banning china from the us also they only spoke of the virus in a very nonthreatening or matter of fact manner
fake  news  got it wrong again as always and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my early ban of china into our country the people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested us citizens and as such i welcome them with open arms !
thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters” i will never let you down ! 
and then came a plague a great and powerful plague and the world was never to be the same again ! but america rose from this death and destruction always remembering its many lost souls and the lost souls all over the world and became greater than ever before !
so nice to see this great honor thank you but haven’t played golf in a long time ! 
going well despite the fake  news  ! 
some things never get old ! 
hopefully our country will soon mend we are all missing our wonderful rallies and many other things ! 
many complaints coming in about maine i love that state won maine 2  don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself that can happen you know ! 
no reason to turn it down except politics we have plenty of testing maybe you need a new doctor over there crazy nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work ! 
the democrats are just as always looking for trouble they do nothing constructive even in times of crisis they don’t want to blame their cash cow china for the plague china is blaming europe dr fauci will be testifying before the senate very soon !  # donothingdemocrats 
not much time to sleep thank you ! 
i for one am glad to see he is back and well ! 
the impeachment hoax will be exposed crazy nancy gets nothing done that’s why she got thrown out as speaker the first time also she should come back to washington now ! 
that’s right jack keep up the good work ! 
thank you michael you also ! 
the russia hoax is the biggest political scandal in american history treason lets see how it ends ? 
concast  @ nbc news  and fake  news   @ cnn are going out of their way to say great things about china they are chinese puppets who want to do business there they use usa airwaves to help china the enemy of the people !
the governor of michigan should give a little and put out the fire these are very good people but they are angry they want their lives back again safely ! see them talk to them make a deal
i have done more for farmers and ranchers than any president in history and it has been my honor in doing so ! 
“the only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse the corruption than we thought”  @ jimjordan  dirty cops !
tom tiffany  @ tomtiffanywi is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin wi07 we need tom in congress to help us make america great again ! he will fight for small business supports our incredible farmers loves our military and our vets
he is strong on crime the border and second amendment tom has deep roots in wisconsin is a big tax cutter and will help me drain the swamp ! tom has my complete and total endorsement vote for tom tiffany ! 
over 120 million economic impact payments have already gone out to hardworking americans ! if you haven’t yet received your payment go to 
we can’t let the fake  news  and their partner the radical left do nothing democrats get away with stealing the election they tried that in 2016 how did that work out ?
the do nothing democrats ! 
really ? have you looked at the numbers lately ! 
what happened to general michael flynn a war hero should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the united states again !
despite reports to the contrary sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown as of today 2462 people have died there a much higher number than the neighboring countries of norway 207 finland 206 or denmark 443 the united states made the correct decision !
no i think amash would make a wonderful candidate especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his congressional seat he almost always votes for the do nothing dems anyway i like him even more than jill stein ! 
the only reason the us has reported one million cases of coronavirus is that our testing is sooo much better than any other country in the world other countries are way behind us in testing and therefore show far fewer cases !
we are doing far more and better testing than any other country in the world and yet the media does nothing but complain no matter how good a job is done the same as with the ventilators they will never say we are doing a great job they will only viciously gripe !
why should the people and taxpayers of america be bailing out poorly run states like illinois as example and cities in all cases democrat run and managed when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help ? i am open to discussing anything but just asking ?
fake  news  the enemy of the people !
there has never been in the history of our country a more vicious or hostile lamestream media than there is right now even in the midst of a national emergency the invisible enemy !
blame the democrats for any “lateness” in your enhanced unemployment insurance i wanted the money to be paid directly they insisted it be paid by states for distribution i told them this would happen especially with many states which have old computers
american citizens ! we were long ahead of dems who were all against the ban 
they are one of the worst in the “ news ” business total slime balls ! 
does anybody get the meaning of what a socalled noble not nobel prize is especially as it pertains to reporters and journalists ? noble is defined as “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals” does sarcasm ever work ?
fraud  @ donnabrazile and others who are even worse chris wallace is nastier to republicans than even deface the nation or sleepy eyes the people who are watching  @ fox news  in record numbers thank you president trump are angry they want an alternative now so do i !
even the radical left do nothing democrats laughed at the fox suggestion no respect for the people running  @ fox news  but fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct they put rino paul ryan on their board they hire “debate questions to crooked hillary”
when will all of the “reporters” who have received noble prizes for their work on russia russia russia only to have been proven totally wrong and in fact it was the other side who committed the crimes be turning back their cherished “nobles” so that they can be given
lawsuits should be brought against all including the fake  news  organizations to rectify this terrible injustice for all of the great lawyers out there do we have any takers ? when will the noble committee act ? better be fast !
i work from early in the morning until late at night haven’t left the white house in many months except to launch hospital ship comfort in order to take care of trade deals military rebuilding etc and then i read a phony story in the failing  @ nytimes about my work
the people that know me and know the history of our country say that i am  the hardest working president in history i don’t know about that but i am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any president in history the fake  news  hates it !
i work from early in the morning until late at night haven’t left the white house in many months except to launch hospital ship comfort in order to take care of trade deals military rebuilding etc and then i read a phony story in the failing  @ nytimes about my work
remember the cure can’t be worse than the problem itself be careful be safe use common sense !
if the wall street journal “editorial” writers had called as they should have they would have easily found that i was “not happy with the georgia governor on tuesday night” you said the opposite and got it wrong as you often do !
we have now tested more than 5 million people that is more than any other country in the world and even more than  all major countries combined !
it is a wonderful feeling to know that our states are loaded up with ventilators many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them every person needing a ventilator got one !
just spoke to prime minister abiy ahmed ali of ethiopia his country needs ventilators and the us is in good position to help him we will !
thank you to the people of colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the ventilators we got for you it was my great honor !  @ sencorygardner
i will never let our post office fail it has been mismanaged for years especially since the advent of the internet and modernday technology the people that work there are great and we’re going to keep them happy healthy and well !
great conversation with president lenin moreno of the republic of ecuador we will be sending them desperately needed ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways they are fighting hard against coronavirus !
just spoke to president juan orlando hernandez of the republic of honduras we work closely together on the southern border will be helping him with his request for ventilators and testing
great conversation with president lenin moreno of the republic of equador we will be sending them desperately needed ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways they are fighting hard against coronavirus !
just spoke to president nayib bukele of el salvador will be helping them with ventilators which are desperately needed they have worked well with us on immigration at the southern border !
great conversation with president lenin moreno of the republic if equador we will be sending them desperately needed ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways they are fighting hard against coronavirus !
our country wants to move safely forward there is a tremendous pent up demand we will open big !
the fake and totally corrupt  news  is after her as a means of getting to me she’s smart and strong knows the truth already a heroine to many ! 
getting very good reviews of the job the federal government is doing on coronavirus ventilators building hospitals beds and yes testing have been handled incredibly well testing is getting exponentially better every day love seeing our country safely opening up !
governor  @ jimjusticewv is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of west virginia big jim is strong on life the second amendment and building the wall ! with governors like jim america will recover and get back to business jim has my complete and total endorsement !
my cochair in utah and a really great guy sean has my complete and total endorsement !
fully signed and ready to go ! 
please study this closely we saved many lives with our fast action on coronavirus ! 
we did it once we will quickly do it a second time ! 
thank you to harvard and all others ! 
another false ad by the do nothing democrats almost all of their ads are false or misleading and the fake  news  loves it ! 
sleepy joe thought this was ok not me ! 
i have instructed the united states navy to shoot down and destroy any and all iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea
states are safely coming back our country is starting to open for business again special care is and always will be given to our beloved seniors except me ! their lives will be better than everwe love you all !
happy birthday to the great cindy adams of the new york post cindy is 90 but looks 39 to me she is going strong !
harvard should give back the money now their whole “endowment” system should be looked at ! 
i urge the senate and house to pass the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act with additional funding for ppp hospitals and testing after i sign this bill we will begin discussions on the next legislative initiative with fiscal relief
96 approval rating in the republican party thank you ! this must also mean that most importantly we are doing a good great job in the handling of the pandemic
i’ve had great “ratings” my whole life there’s nothing unusual about that for me the white house  news  conference ratings are “through the roof”monday night football bachelor finale   @ nytimes but i don’t care about that i care about going around the fake  news  to the people !
it is amazing that i became president of the united states with such a totally corrupt and dishonest lamestream media going after me all day and all night either i’m really good far better than the fake  news  wants to admit or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought !
watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated morning psycho on msdnc just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying he’s worse such hatred and contempt ! i used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election then cut him off wasn’t worth the effort his mind is shot !
great alan they are fake  news  ! 
in light of the attack from the invisible enemy as well as the need to protect the jobs of our great american citizens i will be signing an executive order to temporarily suspend immigration into the united states !
he is strong on crime the border and second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement ! turn your ballots in now and track them watching for dishonesty report to law enforcement 
he is strong on crime the border and second amendment tom has deep roots in wisconsin is a big tax cutter and will help me drain the swamp ! tom has my complete and total endorsement vote for tom tiffany ! 
tom tiffany  @ tomtiffanywi is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin wi07 we need tom in congress to help us make america great again ! he will fight for small business supports our incredible farmers loves our military and our vets
 “testing testing testing” again playing a very dangerous political game states not the federal government should be doing the testing  but we will work with the governors and get it done this is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex ventilators !
received a very nice call from  @ govtimwalz of minnesota we are working closely on getting him all he needs and fast good things happening !
thank you to my boy ! 
just like i was right on ventilators our country is now the “king of ventilators” other countries are calling asking for helpwe will ! i am right on testing governors must be able to step up and get the job done we will be with you all the way !
great credit must be given to  @ fema and all of those that are helping our states make it big ! 
look forward to this ! 
china wants sleepy joe sooo badly they want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the us back and much more joe is an easy mark their dream candidate ! 
i gave up on drudge a really nice guy long ago as have many others people are dropping off like flies ! 
the most often used phrase in the lamestream media by far is “sources say” or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity” or anything similar which allows fake  news  to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist the american people should demand names !
them happy or even a little bit satisfied they were rude and nasty this is their political playbook and they will use it right up to the election on november 3rd they will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win america will not be fooled ! !
example ! vp mike pence held a conference call yesterday with all democrat senators he gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the coronavirus but nothing that anyone could have said including “it’s over” could have made
no matter what you do for the do nothing democrats no matter how great a job you are doing they will only respond to their fake partners in the lamestream media in the negative even in a time of crisis i thought it would be different but it’s not in fact it’s even worse
really nice to see this and what a great pick ! 
this is a disgraceful situation ! 
cut him off now ! 
great book get it and support charlie ! 
they are fake  news  losers ! 
cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand ventilators” we gave him a small fraction of that number and it was plenty state should have had them in stockpile !
the states have to step up their testing !
china has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the invisible enemy it is far higher than that and far higher than the us not even close !
governor cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining” get out there and get the job done stop talking ! we built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use gave large numbers of ventilators that you should have had and helped you with
today people started losing their jobs because of crazy nancy pelosi cryin’ chuck schumer and the radical left do nothing democrats who should immediately come back to washington and approve legislation to help families in america end your endless vacation !
why did the who ignore an email from taiwanese health officials in late december alerting them to the possibility that coronavirus could be transmitted between humans ? why did the who make several claims about the coronavirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading
we are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are allin on getting america back to work and soon more to come !  # maga
my condolences to the steinbrenner family and the entire  @ yankees organization on the passing of hank steinbrenner he was a friend and will be missed greatly by all ! 
tell the democrat governors that “mutiny on the bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies a good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch especially when the mutineers need so much from the captain too easy !
get rid of ballot harvesting it is rampant with fraud the usa must have voter id the only way to get an honest count !
cuomo’s been calling daily even hourly begging for everything most of which should have been the state’s responsibility such as new hospitals beds ventilators etc i got it all done for him and everyone else and now he seems to want independence ! that won’t happen !
my deepest sympathies go out to frieda chera and the family of the late great stanley chera one of manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds stanley was charitable kind and a wonderful friend he will be truly missed !
first the fake  news  media said that it’s not fair for the president of the united states to be giving  news  conferences but it is the only way i can reach the american people as seen in the below poll 
it is the decision of the president and for many good reasons with that being said the administration and i are working closely with the governors and this will continue a decision by me in conjunction with the governors and input from others will be made shortly !
disaster the energy industry will be strong again far faster than currently anticipated thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track in particular russia and saudi arabia
having been involved in the negotiations to put it mildly the number that opec is looking to cut is 20 million barrels a day not the 10 million that is generally being reported if anything near this happens and the world gets back to business from the covid 19
the  @ nytimes story is a fake just like the “paper” itself i was criticized for moving too fast when i issued the china ban long before most others wanted to do so  @ secazar told me nothing until later and peter navarro memo was same as ban see his statements fake  news  !
i am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the lamestream media that part is easy the hard part is why ?
the  @ nytimes story is a fake just like the “paper” itself i was criticized for moving too fast when i issued the china ban long before most others wanted to do so  @ secazar told me nothing until later and  @ peternavarrousa memo was same as ban see his statements fake  news  !
i look forward to it also ! 
the opposition party lamestream media and their partner the radical left do nothing democrats have put their political game plan in full swing “whether he is right or wrong it doesn’t matter criticize ’trump’ for everything and don’t let the public see biden hide him”
the big oil deal with opec plus is done this will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the united states i would like to thank and congratulate president putin of russia and king salman of saudi arabia i just spoke to them from the oval office great deal for all !
for the first time in history there is a fully signed presidential disaster declaration for all 50 states we are winning and will win the war on the invisible enemy !
so now the fake  news   @ nytimes is tracing the coronavirus origins back to europe not china this is a first ! i wonder what the failing new york times got for this one ? are there any named sources ? they were recently thrown out of china like dogs and obviously want back in sad !
i will be watching have a great easter ! 
so now the fake  news   @ nytimes is tracing the coronavirus origins back to europe not china this is a first ! i wonder where the failing new york times got for this one ? are there any named sources ? they were recently thrown out of china like dogs and obviously want back in sad !
so now the fake  news   @ nytimes is tracing the coronavirus origins back to europe not china this is a first ! i wonder what the failing new york times got for this one ? are there any named sources ? they were recently thrown out of china like dogs and obviously want back in sad !
“the president and the federal government are doing an excellent job when they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported they the opposition act like they’re sad because it’s lower i think they are press conferences wonderful” west virginia resident c span
we will build it again !
does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the lamestream media very seldom the unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always fake  news 
“i think the situation is unprecedented and there is no question about that it’s whiplash ! the economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth jobs and even wage increases and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the
“trump did a deal with japan a lot of our product goes to japan and we are booming in north dakota” jim on c span washington journal our trade deals will be having a big impact on our country as they kick in !
the invisible enemy will soon be in full retreat !
happy good friday to all !
not good gregg but it is what it is have to save the airlines ! 
this week in only 4 days we had the biggest stock market increase since 1974 we have a great chance for the really big bounce when the invisible enemy is gone !
thank you frank it’s abc fake  news  they knew they were wrong when they went with this hoax of a story ! 
we will always be there for our great farmers cattlemen ranchers and producers !
i have directed  @ secretarysonny to expedite help to our farmers especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now i expect secretary purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable strong and safe
on national former prisoner of war recognition day we honor the more than 500000 american warriors captured while protecting our way of life we pay tribute to these patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit ! 
absentee ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens military and others who can’t get to the polls on election day these ballots are very different from 100 mailin voting which is “ripe for fraud” and shouldn’t be allowed !
wishing a happy passover to those celebrating in the united states israel and around the world ! 
extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends thank you india and the indian people for the decision on hcq will not be forgotten ! thank you prime minister  @ narendramodi for your strong leadership in helping not just india but humanity in this fight !
wow bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates and wants more of them ! what’s that all about ?
once we open up our great country and it will be sooner rather than later the horror of the invisible enemy except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend must be quickly forgotten our economy will boom perhaps like never before ! !
once we open up our great counyry and it will be sooner rather than later the horror of the invisible enemy except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend must be quickly forgotten our economy will boom perhaps like never before ! !
the radical left democrats have gone absolutely crazy that i am doing daily presidential  news  conferences they actually want me to stop ! they used to complain that i am not doing enough of them now they complain that i “shouldn’t be allowed to do them” they tried to shame
republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mailin voting democrats are clamoring for it tremendous potential for voter fraud and for whatever reason  doesn’t work out well for republicans  @ foxandfriends
the who really blew it for some reason funded largely by the united states yet very china centric we will be giving that a good look fortunately i rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to china early on why did they give us such a faulty recommendation ?
joe biden wanted the date for the democrat national convention moved to a later time period now he wants a “virtual” convention one where he doesn’t have to show up gee i wonder why ? also what ever happened to that phone call he told the fake  news  he wanted to make to me ?
advertising in the failing new york times is way down washington post is not much better i can’t say whether this is because they are fake  news  sources of information to a level that few can understand or the virus is just plain beating them up fake  news  is bad for america !
light at the end of the tunnel !
we are learning much about the invisible enemy it is tough and smart but we are tougher and smarter !
he wants to raise taxes all over our country ! 
we will get through this together and bats will be swinging before you know it in the meantime take care of mom and dad and know that this will not be forever !  @ littleleagueceo
to all of our youth who are missing the start of their  @ littleleague seasons hang in there ! we will get you back out on the fields and know that you will be playing baseball soon
the paycheck protection program is up and running ! the program is open to nonprofits as well so banks be sure to sign up our great religious and veteran organizations that need help !
 @ cnn is fake  news  they will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible they are a joke !
i agree with this watch ! 
great job being done by  @ bankofamerica and many community banks throughout the country small businesses appreciate your work !
highly respected justice daniel kelly is running for the supreme court in the great state of wisconsin justice kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the rule of law and defending your  # 2a tough on crime loves our military and our vets he has my complete endorsement !
we hit 3m hard today after seeing what they were doing with their masks “p act” all the way big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing  will have a big price to pay !
30 days to slow the spread 
could be as high as 15 million barrels good great  news  for everyone !
“the states have to get the money to the people who need it”  @ mariabartiromo  and fast !
have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit other states are thrilled with the job we have done sending many ventilators today with thousands being built 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies prefer sending directly to hospitals
congress must pass the old and very strongly proven deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment this will bring restaurants and everything related back  and stronger than ever move quickly they will all be saved !
my proposal to the politically correct automobile companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer engines would run smoother positive impact on the environment ! foolish executives !
great  news  ! american families will now be able to buy safer more affordable and environmentally friendly cars with our new safe vehicles rule get rid of those old unsafe clunkers build better and safer american cars and create american jobs buy american !
nancy pelosi and the democrats delayed the workers help/stimulus bill by over a week trying to add real “junk” into the bill got some bad things having nothing to do with those affected by the virus included republicans need their votes until we win back the house in 2020 !
so proud of the  @ usacehq  @ fema and the federal government for the 2900 bed hospital they built in 4 days way ahead of schedule in the javits center for ny we are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds keep up the great work !
thank you very much to ken langone for being a great american and for your wonderful comments on  @ teamcavuto
happy national vietnam war veterans day to all of our vietnam era veterans you have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home the nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice we love you ! 
the lamestream media wants us to fail that will never happen !
will be doing a press conference today at 5 : 00  pm  the white house people are working harder than i have ever seen people work it is a beautiful thing to watch !
federal government a quarantine will not be necessary full details will be released by cdc tonight thank you !
on the recommendation of the white house coronavirus task force and upon consultation with the governor’s of new york new jersey and connecticut i have asked the  @ cdcgov to issue a strong travel advisory to be administered by the governors in consultation with the
with the courage of our doctors and nurses with the skill of our scientists and innovators with the determination of the american people and with the grace of god we will win this war when we achieve this victory we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before ! 
i am giving consideration to a quarantine of developing “hot spots” new york new jersey and connecticut a decision will be made one way or another shortly
very often fake  news  lamestream media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past if they did that the media would be trusted again and fake  news  would largely be a thing of the past !
very often fake  news  lamestream media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past if they did that the media would be trusted again and fake  news  would largely be a thing if the past !
i love michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a great job for them during this horrible pandemic yet your governor gretchen “half” whitmer is way in over her head she doesn’t have a clue likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude !  # maga
i love michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a great job for them during this horrible pandemic yet your governor gretchen “half” whitmer is way in over her ahead she doesn’t have a clue likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude !  # maga
she is a third rate reporter who has nothing going a fake  news  “journalist” 
we are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus together we will endure we will prevail and we will win !  # caresact 
thank you to rachel  @ maddow for putting our military on full display and showing how great a job the federal government is doing ! also a special thanks to general semonite a patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder ! 
will someone please explain to the fake  news  new york times all the  news  that’s not fit to print that the democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government they “maximum” delay even the best candidates including judges leaving little time !
we have just purchased many ventilators from some wonderful companies names and numbers will be announced later today !
as usual with “this” general motors things just never seem to work out they said they were going to give us 40000 much needed ventilators “very quickly” now they are saying it will only be 6000 in late april and they want top dollar always a mess with mary b invoke “p”
thank you byron many polls are much better than this if it is the fake  news   @ washingtonpost add 10 points ! 
by empowering the radical left democrats do nothing kentucky politician  @ repthomasmassie is making their war on the 2nd amendment more and more difficult to win but don’t worry we will win anyway ! he is a disaster for america and for the great state of kentucky !
looks like a third rate grandstander named  @ repthomasmassie a congressman from unfortunately a truly great state kentucky wants to vote against the new save our workers bill in congress he just wants the publicity he can’t stop it only delay which is both dangerous
the world is at war with a hidden enemy we will win ! 
will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference
i have been packed all day with meetings i have no time for stupidity we’re working around the clock to keep america safe !
the lamestream media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success the real people want to get back to work asap  we will be stronger than ever before !
congratulations to prime minister abe of japan and the ioc on their very wise decision to present the olympics in 2021 it will be a great success and i look forward to being there !
just reported that the united states has done far more “testing” than any other nation by far ! in fact over an eight day span the united states now does more testing than what south korea which has been a very successful tester does over an eight week span great job !
this is really great  news  ! i am so happy i can barely speak he may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse us senator but he is a rino and i like him a lot ! 
together we will prevail ! 
price transparency is so important for the people of our country in many ways it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself a great issue for both republicans and democrats hopefully it will be approved !
congress must approve the deal without all of the nonsense today the longer it takes the harder it will be to start up our economy our workers will be hurt !
this is not about the ridiculous green new deal it is about putting our great workers and companies back to work !
the defense production act is in full force but haven’t had to use it because no one has said no ! millions of masks coming as back up to states
the media is hopeless too bad ! 
this will never be approved by me or any other republican ! 
us since the beginning of this crisis” they meant the opposite ? forgot to mention that i closed our country to china and europe very early long before it was considered acceptable to do so sleepy joe said i was “xenophobic” but i saved thousands of lives ! fake  news  !
is not their fault in any way shape or form they are working closely with us to get rid of it we will prevail together !
it is very important that we totally protect our asian american community in the united states and all around the world they are amazing people and the spreading of the virus
this is why we need borders !
robert we will end up stronger than ever before thank you ! 
we will be guided by the wishes of prime minister abe of japan a great friend of the united states and a man who has done a magnificent job on the olympic venue as to attending the olympic games in japan he will make the proper decision !
we cannot let the cure be worse than the problem itself at the end of the 15 day period we will make a decision as to which way we want to go !
my friend always there when i’ve needed him ! senator  @ randpaul was just tested “positive” from the chinese virus that is not good ! he is strong and will get better just spoke to him and he was in good spirits
the hard working men and women of  @ ups are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need your work is critical to the health of our nation keep it up !
thank you to fred smith and  @ fedex for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our nation keep it going !
that doesn’t sound like michael does it ? 
thank you david so true ! 
today i spoke with our nation’s small businesses which employ nearly half of america’s workforce we are taking the most aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers we will always protect our small businesses !  @ sbagov 
steve is one of the very best in the senate he is competing against a failed democrat presidential candidate who never got close to 1 and was sent packing had to be talked into this run by schumer bad for 2nd strongly endorse  @ stevedaines ! 
thank you to our police officers fire fighters and ems who help us defeat the virus every day our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our first responders and their families together we will beat this !
we are going to win sooner rather than later !
i only signed the defense production act to combat the chinese virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future hopefully there will be no need but we are all in this together !
today i spoke with american physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true american heroes ! with their help america will win
i want all americans to understand :  we are at war with an invisible enemy but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the american people
it cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors nurses and scientists — and it cannot beat the love patriotism and determination of our citizens strong and united we will prevail !
thank you to our great american businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe ! 
the dnc will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated bernie sanders far ahead of schedule now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters bernie has given up just like he did last time he will be dropping out soon ! maga/kag
the dnc will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated bernie sanders fat ahead of schedule now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters bernie has given up just like he did last time he will be dropping out soon ! maga/kag
i will be having a  news  conference today to discuss very important  news  from the fda concerning the chinese virus !
for the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies for instance the shutting down of hotels bars and restaurants money will soon be coming to you the onslaught of the chinese virus is not your fault ! will be stronger than ever !
the world is at war with a hidden enemy we will win !
federal government is working very well with the governors and state officials good things will happen !  # killthevirus
failing  michigan governor must work harder and be much more proactive we are pushing her to get the job done i stand with michigan !
cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same” but all states aren’t the same some are being hit hard by the chinese virus some are being hit practically not at all new york is a very big “hotspot” west virginia has thus far zero cases andrew keep politics out of it
the united states will be powerfully supporting those industries like airlines and others that are particularly affected by the chinese virus we will be stronger than ever before !
i ask all americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials together we will stay strong and overcome this challenge !
yesterday i spoke with the great american grocers and supply chain executives we are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide these beacons of our community will remain open for you no matter what we are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort !
everybody is so well unified and working so hard it is a beautiful thing to see they love our great country we will end up being stronger than ever before !
i must say that was a very boring debate biden lied when he said i want to cut social security and medicare that’s what they all said 4 years ago and nothing happened in fact i saved social security and medicare i will not be cutting but they will be careful !
the individual governors of states and local officials must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights working in conjunction with  @ cdcgov and the federal government !
the fake and corrupt  news  never called google they said this was not true even in times such as these they are not truthful watch for their apology it won’t happen more importantly thank you to google ! 
can’t believe they are not going after schumer for the threats he made to our cherished united states supreme court and our two great justices if a republican did that there would be an endless price to pay pathetic !
there will be a  news  conference by the coronavirus task force today at the white house 5  pm   @ vp  we are working closely with the governors of our country’s great states which are a very big factor they are working hard along with us to get the job properly done
the usa was never set up for this just look at the catastrophe of the h1n1 swine flu biden in charge 17000 people lost very late response time but it soon will be great decision to close our china and other borders early saved many lives !
we are doing very precise medical screenings at our airports pardon the interruptions and delays we are moving as quickly as possible but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful we must get it right safety first !
today is a national day of prayer god bless everyone !
great job by judicial watch potentially a treasure trove too bad you are not given more help but it will all work out ! 
this took place in the rose garden just coming out of a cold winter ! 
amazing how the fake  news  never covers this no interest on student loans the dems are just talk ! 
just had a nice conversation with prime minister  @ justintrudeau of canada great to hear that his wonderful wife sophie is doing very well the united states and canada will continue to coordinate closely together on covid19
just finished a meeting on covid19 in the situation room  news  conference coming up shortly 
attending meetings on covid19 in the white house working with states and local governments many of whom have done a great job full report latter !
larry i am not surprised that candace was great i would only be surprised if she wasn’t great ! 
to those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones i want you to know that your federal government will unleash every authority resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people 
the secretary of the treasury and the secretary of labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will small businesses be hurt i encourage all republicans and democrats to come together and vote yes ! i will always put
the health and wellbeing of american families first look forward to signing the final bill asap !
i fully support hr 6201 :  families first coronavirus response act which will be voted on in the house this evening this bill will follow my direction for free coronavirus tests and paid sick leave for our impacted american workers i have directed
americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earthwe will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need and that they are entitled to no resource will be spared 
no matter where you may be i encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith together we will easily prevail !
it is my great honor to declare sunday march 15th as a national day of prayer we are a country that throughout our history has looked to god for protection and strength in times like these
at my request effective midnight tonight carnival royal caribbean norwegian and msc have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days it is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way !
we will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need no resource will be spared ! 
to unleash the full power of the federal government in this effort today i am officially declaring a national emergency 
to this point and because we have had a very strong border policy we have had 40 deaths related to coronavirus if we had weak or open borders that number would be many times higher !
 their response to h1n1 swine flu was a full scale disaster with thousands dying and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem until now the changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis all red tape has been cut ready to go !
for decades the  @ cdcgov looked at and studied  its testing system but did nothing about it it would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic but a pandemic would never happen they hoped president obama made changes that only complicated things further
just had a great conversation with prime minister abe of japan i told him that the just completed olympic venue is magnificent he has done an incredible job one that will make him very proud good things will happen for japan and their great prime minister lots of options !
108 countries are dealing with the coronavirus problem some of which we are helping !
keeping the workplace safe encourage your employees to 
keeping commercial establishments safe encourage your employees and customers to 
keeping the school safe encourage your faculty staff and students to 
keeping the home safe encourage your family members to 
many republican senators want me to veto the fisa bill until we find out what led to and happened with the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected president of the united states and others !
“nancy pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut but when obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck you’re going to take home more money”  @ kilmeade  @ foxandfriends
i am fully prepared to use the full power of the federal government to deal with our current challenge of the coronavirus !
i want to thank all of our great government officials on the coronavirus task force who are working around the clock in response to the coronavirus continue to check 
we have the greatest healthcare system experts scientists and doctors anywhere in the world together we will prevail !
together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent detect treat and create a vaccine against coronavirus to save lives in america and the world america will get it done !
america is the greatest country in the world we have the best scientists doctors nurses and health care professionals they are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day
someone needs to tell the democrats in congress that coronavirus doesn’t care what party you are in we need to protect all americans !
thank you gavin team is doing a great job ! 
pocahontas working in conjunction with the democrat party totally destroyed the campaign of bernie sanders if she would have quit 3 days earlier sanders would have beaten biden in a route it wouldn’t even have been close they also got two other losers to support sleepy joe !
which is under siege is strong on crime and the border and truly loves our military and our vets he will be a great senator for the people of alabama coach tommy tuberville a winner has my complete and total endorsement i love alabama !
tommy tuberville  @ ttuberville is running for the us senate from the great state of alabama tommy was a terrific head football coach at auburn university he is a real leader who will never let maga/kag or our country down ! tommy will protect your second amendment
best unemployment numbers in the history of our country best employment number ever almost 160 million people working right now vote republican unless you want to see these numbers obliterated !
if you like automobiles how can you vote for a democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline remember also no more than one car per family i on the other hand have new plants being built all over michigan plus !
if you like automobils how can you vote for a democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline remember also no more than one car per family i on the other hand have new plants being built all over michigan plus !
our coronavirus team has been doing a great job even democrat governors have been very complimentary !
nancy pelosi just said “i don’t know if we can be ready this week” in other words it’s off to vacation for the do nothing democrats that’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years !
the federal reserve must be a leader not a very late follower which it has been !
our pathetic slow moving federal reserve headed by jay powell who raised rates too fast and lowered too late should get our fed rate down to the levels of our competitor nations they now have as much as a two point advantage with even bigger currency help also stimulate !
going to be a bad day for crazy bernie !
polls say they both lose to “trump” 
going up fast we need the wall more than ever ! 
oklahoma vote for your great senator today nobody better than jim ! 
thank you jim for your incredible support of our  # maga agenda ! you are a tremendous senator for the people of the great state of oklahoma and you have my complete and total endorsement ! 
saudi arabia and russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil that and the fake  news  is the reason for the market drop !
the best decision made was the toughest of them all  which saved many lives our very early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world !
great job being done by the  @ vp and the coronavirus task force thank you !
the obama/biden administration is the most corrupt administration in the history of our country !
“trump has outmastered the deep state he’s light years ahead of us” msdnc i disagree we have a long way to go there are still some very bad sick people in our government  people who do not love our country in fact they hate our country !
now the democrats are trying to smear bernie with russia russia russia they are driving him crazy !
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren singlehandedly destroyed the bernie sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on super t he lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier the dnc is doing it to bernie again ! will he ever get angry ?
cryin’ chuck schumer said “you will pay the price for this you won’t know what hit you” that is far beyond simple rhetoric that is a physical threat or at least a threat that you better vote for us” trouble ahead !
the fake  news  media and their partner the democrat party is doing everything within its semiconsiderable power it used to be greater ! to inflame the coronavirus situation far beyond what the facts would warrant surgeon general “the risk is low to the average american”
a great book support charlie buy it !  already number one 
there are no mixed messages only political weaponization by people like you and your brother fredo ! 
who knows what this means but it sounds good to me ! 
the new york times is an embarrassment to journalism they were a dead paper before i went into politics and they will be a dead paper after i leave which will be in 5 years fake  news  is the enemy of the people !
we have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the white house for our attack on coronavirus we moved very early to close borders to certain areas which was a godsend vp is doing a great job the fake  news  media is doing everything possible to make us look bad sad !
thank you to the great state of tennessee we are with you all the way ! 
thank you  @ govbilllee and  @ marialeetn my administration will always be there for the great people of tennessee together we will prevail ! 
i want to thank acting chief mick mulvaney for having served the administration so well he will become the united states special envoy for northern ireland thank you !
i am pleased to announce that congressman mark meadows will become white house chief of staff i have long known and worked with mark and the relationship is a very good one
thank you  @ govbilllee we are a phone call away and here for you ! 
my administration is with you all of the way tennessee we love you ! 
it is fake  news  that  @ hhsgov  @ secazar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force he has the total confidence of the  @ vp and myself and is doing a fantastic job as the numbers would indicate !
i will protect your social security and medicare just as i have for the past 3 years sleepy joe biden will destroy both in very short order and he won’t even know he’s doing it !
thanks linda but they were really good last night ! 
the wall is well under construction so far we’re up to 129 miles and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed ! 
thank you david a lifelong democrat from pennsylvania we will continue making america great again and then keep america great !
the department of education is not closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our country this is just more fake  news  we are investing greatly in our schools and always will !
with approximately 100000 coronavirus cases worldwide and 3280 deaths the united states because of quick action on closing our borders has as of now only 129 cases 40 americans brought in and 11 deaths we are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible !
“i want to commend the president for how he has handled the coronavirus situation especially his early decision to shut down access into our country from china despite strong opposition to that decision”  @ sentomcotton thank you tom !
schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the united states supreme court !
as per recent federal court ruling the federal government will be withholding funds from sanctuary cities they should change their status and go nonsanctuary do not protect criminals !
there can be few things worse in a civilized law abiding nation than a united states senator openly and for all to see and hear threatening the supreme court or its justices this is what chuck schumer just did he must pay a severe price for this !
thank you keep up the great work ! 
congress has agreed to provide $8 billion to fight coronavirus ! this means  @ cdcgov  @ hhsgov and  @ dhsgov will have the resources they need to keep america safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low this is great  news  for our health our economy and our nation !
congress has agreed to provide $8 billion to fight coronavirus ! this means  @ cdc  @ hhsgov and  @ dhsgov will have the resources they need to keep america safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low this is great  news  for our health our economy and our nation !
pandering mini mike bloomberg along with his wacky friend tom steyer have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election ! they both wish they had it to do over again !
mini mike bloomberg will now fire tim o’brien and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this mess this has been the worst and most embarrassing experience of his lifeand now on to sleepy joe !
mini mike bloomberg just “quit” the race for president i could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes and he would have saved himself a billion dollars the real cost now he will pour money into sleepy joe’s campaign hoping to save face it won’t work !
the mayor of los angeles  @ ericgarcetti is dealing with us trying to get the federal government to fix the terrible problem he and the dems have caused with the homeless and the horrendous effects it is having on the city which is a mess i then watch him talk “trash” on me !
wow ! if elizabeth warren wasn’t in the race bernie sanders would have easily won massachusetts minnesota and texas not to mention various other states our modern day pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner but she may very well go down as the all time great spoiler !
make america great again and then keep america great !
so selfish for elizabeth warren to stay in the race she has zero chance of even coming close to winning but hurts bernie badly so much for their wonderful liberal friendship will he ever speak to her again ? she cost him massachusetts and came in third he shouldn’t !
the democrat establishment came together and crushed bernie sanders again ! even the fact that elizabeth warren stayed in the race was devastating to bernie and allowed sleepy joe to unthinkably win massachusetts it was a perfect storm with many good states remaining for joe !
but they really knew who was going to win ! 
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren other than mini mike was the loser of the night she didn’t even come close to winning her home state of massachusetts well now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer !
the biggest loser tonight by far is mini mike bloomberg his “political” consultants took him for a ride $700 million washed down the drain and he got nothing for it but the nickname mini mike and the complete destruction of his reputation way to go mike !
the national institutes of health is home to some of the greatest doctors scientists and researchers in the world thank you for all your doing  @ nih keep up the great work ! 
i am calling on congress to send me a bill that fully and permanently funds the lwcf and restores our national parks when i sign it into law it will be historic for our beautiful public lands all thanks to  @ sencorygardner and  @ stevedaines two great conservative leaders !
it was my great honor to address the national association of counties legislative conference where 1200 county leaders whose incredible devotion talent and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of americans each and every day 
the federal reserve is cutting but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors we are not playing on a level field not fair to usa it is finally time for the federal reserve to lead more easing and cutting !
the federal reserve is cuting  but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors we are not playing on a level field not fair to usa it is finally time for the federal reserve to lead more easing and cutting !
prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in tennessee we will continue to monitor the develo pm ents the federal government is with you all of the way during this difficult time 
australia’s central bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for china’s coronavirus situation and slowdown they reduced to 05 a record low other countries are doing the same thing if not more so our federal reserve has us
paying higher rates than many others when we should be paying less tough on our exporters and puts the usa at a competitive disadvantage must be the other way around should ease and cut rate big jerome powell led federal reserve has called it wrong from day one sad !
australia’s central bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for china’s coronavirus situation and slowdown they reduced to 05 a record low other countries are doing the same thing if not more so our federal reserve has us
thank you  @ jackbrewerbsi we’re with you all the way the american people know what’s going on they totally get it watch what happens in november 2020 ! thank you for your continued support together we are going to keep america great !  # blackvoicesfortrump 
the democrats in the house should propose a very simple one year payroll tax cut great for the middle class great for the usa !
this is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the great american comeback ! jobs are booming incomes are soaring poverty is plummeting confidence is surging and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the us military promises made promises kept ! 
i was thrilled to be back in the great city of charlotte north carolina with thousands of hardworking american patriots who love our country cherish our values respect our laws and always put america first ! thank you for a wonderful evening !  # kag2020 
the only people in favor of mini mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants who are getting richer and richer by the day !
competitive disadvantage we should be leading not following !
as usual jay powell and the federal reserve are slow to act germany and others are pumping money into their economies other central banks are much more aggressive the us should have for all of the right reasons the lowest rate we don’t putting us at a
i am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the white house about progress on a vaccine and cure progress being made !
gallup poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding the best thank you ! 
sleepy eyes chuck todd is not at the top of his game ! thank you 
sleepy joe biden also said that guns killed 150 million americans last year wants to win georgia on super tuesday not up and got his speaking location wrong again ! 
thank you i love you too ! 
the black community brilliantly turned their backs on mini mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them ! 
pete buttigieg is out all of his supertuesday votes will go to sleepy joe biden great timing this is the real beginning of the dems taking bernie out of play  no nomination again !
a very dark and lonely path ! your reputation will never be the same !
mini mike bloomberg’s consultants and socalled “advisors”how did that advice work out ? don’t ask ! are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing mini hard when they knew he never had what it takes don’t pay them anymore mike they led you down
tom steyer who other than mini mike bloomberg spent more dollars for nothing than any candidate in history quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the democrat clown show go away tom and save whatever little money you have left !
democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of crazy bernie sanders and take the nomination away from him !
sleepy joe biden’s victory in the south carolina democrat primary should be the end of mini mike bloomberg’s joke of a campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates  mini mike now has biden split up his very few voters taking many away !
the best is yet to come ! 
dana you are the real deal ! 
thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers in south carolina tonight we love you ! 
it was my great honor to be back in south carolina tonight with thousands of hardworking american patriots who believe in faith family god and country thank you for a beautiful evening !  # kag2020 
the dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from bernie back room politics which bernie is not very good at his people will not let it happen again !
worst polls just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark are the  @ fox news  polls why doesn’t fox finally get a competent polling company ?
will be in the great state of south carolina tonight 7 : 00  pm  for a really big rally best place to be is a trump rally see you later !
so the coronavirus which started in china and spread to various countries throughout the world but very slowly in the us because president trump closed our border and ended flights very early is now being blamed by the do nothing democrats to be the fault of “trump”
word is that mini mike bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates that he is thinking about dropping out of the democrat primary the fact is he was not true to himself and the public was able to quickly figure him out not a good experience for mini mike !
they spied on my campaign ! 
nancy has allowed her district to go down more than any other in the usa ! hardly even recognizable 
my two great friends proud of you both ! 
eric i can live with that ! 
piers i like you too ! 
big rally in the great state of south carolina on friday see you there !
crazy chaotic democrat debate last night fake  news  said biden did well even though he said half of our population was shot to death would be over for most mini mike was weak and unsteady but helped greatly by his many commercials which are not supposed to be allowed
i will be having a  news  conference at the white house on this subject today at 6 : 00  pm  cdc representatives and others will be there thank you !
russia wants him to win ! 
democrats talking point is that we are doing badly if the virus disappeared tomorrow they would say we did a really poor and even incompetent job not fair but it is what it is so far by the way we have not had one death let’s keep it that way !
cdc and my administration are doing a great job of handling coronavirus including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world it was opposed by the dems “too soon” but turned out to be the correct decision no matter how well we do however the
true but we are getting it all done ! 
there has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the roger stone case look at her background she never revealed her hatred of “trump” and stone she was totally biased as is the judge roger wasn’t even working on my campaign miscarriage of justice sad to watch !
cryin’ chuck schumer is complaining for publicity purposes only that i should be asking for more money than $25 billion to prepare for coronavirus if i asked for more he would say it is too much he didn’t like my early travel closings i was right he is incompetent !
on all trump or trump related matters ! while “elections have consequences” i only ask for fairness especially when it comes to decisions made by the united states supreme court !
our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words :  “we the people” that means that in america and india alike we honor respect trust empower and fight for the citizens we proudly serve !  ? ? 
crazy bernie and the democrats should see this i have done far more for the african american community than any president secured funding for hbcus criminal justice reform opportunity zones school choice record low unemployment and so much more the best is yet to come ! 
crazy bernie and the democrats should see this i i have done more 
look so forward to being with my great friends in india ! 
the reason for this is that the do nothing democrats using disinformation hoax number 7 don’t want bernie sanders to get the democrat nomination and they figure this would be very bad for his chances it’s all rigged again against crazy bernie sanders !
thank you las vegas nevada ! i was delighted to be back in a state i love with proud hardworking patriots with your help this november we are going to defeat the radical socialist democrats and we are going to win nevada in a landslide !  # kag2020 
so  @ teamcavuto has very bad ratings on  @ fox news  with his fake guests like abstoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out will he get the same treatment as his friend shepherd smith who also suffered from the ratings drought ?
mitch and i have made great progress coming back fast ! 
another misinformation campaign is being launched by democrats in congress saying that russia prefers me to any of the do nothing democrat candidates who still have been unable to after two weeks count their votes in iowa hoax number 7 !
if our formally targeted farmers need additional aid until such time as the trade deals with china mexico canada and others fully kick in that aid will be provided by the federal government paid for out of the massive tariff money coming into the usa !
great rally in colorado thank you will be back soon !
thank you to our great us ambassador to germany  @ richardgrenell for stepping in to serve as acting dni i will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon stay tuned !
i was thrilled to be back in colorado springs tonight beneath the majestic peaks of the rocky mountains with thousands of terrific hardworking american patriots with your help this november we are going to defeat the radical socialist dems and we are going to win colorado ! 
wow thank you — on my way ! 
just arrived in colorado see everyone soon ! 
it was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the  @ lvmpd’s hope for prisoners graduation ceremony today where we reaffirmed that america is a nation that believes in redemption ! 
john kerry and senator chris murphy grossly violated the logan act with respect to iran if a republican did what they did there would be very serious ramifications !
this makes mini mike look good compared to his performance last night worst debate performance in history ! 
a really great moment ! 
mini mike bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates and there have been some really bad ones he was stumbling bumbling and grossly incompetent if this doesn’t knock him out of the race nothing will not so easy to do what i did !
thank you arizona ! with your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning ! america is thriving like never before and the best is yet to come ! 
the democrat party is the party of high taxes high crime open borders lateterm abortion socialism blatant corruption and the total destruction of your second amendment the republican party is the party of the american worker the american family and the american dream ! 
for the wonderful job he has done and we look forward to working with him closely perhaps in another capacity within the administration !
i am pleased to announce that our highly respected ambassador to germany  @ richardgrenell will become the acting director of national intelligence rick has represented our country exceedingly well and i look forward to working with him i would like to thank joe maguire
i am on my way see you soon ! 
internal real polls show i am beating all of the dem candidates the fake  news  polls here we go again just like 2016 show losing or tied their polls will be proven corrupt on november 3rd just like the fake  news  is corrupt !
i would like to thank john rood for his service to our country and wish him well in his future endeavors ! 
is corrupt bloomberg  news  going to say what a pathetic debater mini mike is that he doesn’t respect our great farmers or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place ?
there must be justice this can never happen to a president or our country again ! 
i hope the federal judges association will discuss the tremendous fisa court abuse that has taken place with respect to the mueller investigation scam including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited dossier before the court thank you !
mini mike no i would rather run against you !
mini is illegally buying the democrat nomination they are taking it away from bernie again mini mike major party nominations are not for sale ! good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember no standing on boxes !
what mini mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution he is “spreading” money all over the place only to have recipients of his cash payments many former opponents happily joining or supporting his campaign isn’t that called a payoff ? 
chris jacobs will be a great congressman who will always fight for the people of new york he supports our  # maga agenda will continue to secure our border loves our military vets and is strong on the  # 2a chris has my complete endorsement for the special election on 4/28 !
the mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released he shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in ! 
product and goods to china and other countries that’s what trade is all about we don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us that will only mean that orders will go to someplace else as an example i want china to buy our jet engines the best in the world
i have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by congress and they are ridiculous i want to make it easy to do business with the united states not difficult everyone in my administration is being so instructed with no excuses
the united states is open for business !
the united states is open for business !
the united states is open for business !
i have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by congress and they are ridiculous i want to make it easy to do business with the united states not difficult everyone in my administration is being so instructed with no excuses
product and goods to china and other countries that’s what trade is all about we don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us that will only mean that orders will go to someplace else as an example i want china to buy our jet engines the best in the world
but maybe i still will witch hunt !
badly tainted and in my opinion should be thrown out even mueller’s statement to congress that he did not see me to become the fbi director again has been proven false the whole deal was a total scam if i wasn’t president i’d be suing everyone all over the place
these were mueller prosecutors and the whole mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited fake dossier lying and forging documents to the fisa court and many other things everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is
“they tried to impeach the president eight times before this last impeachment trial that we went through in arizona people are tired of their obstruction their investigations and their impeachments they want them to get to work”  @ senmcsallyaz   @ foxandfriends  thanks martha
getting ready to go to the daytona 500 will be great !
years ago the democrats had the money to build the wall but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done i am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible ! 
make america great again and then keep america great ! 
thank you arnold very nice 
it has been two years since the tragedy in parkland we will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators earlier this week i met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul
today  @ flotus and i encourage all americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service we will hold parkland forever in our hearts
today  @ flotus and i encourage all americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service we will hold parkland forever in our hearts
it has been two years since the tragedy in parkland we will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators earlier this week i met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul
it is happening again to crazy bernie just like last time only far more obvious they are taking the democrat nomination away from him and there’s very little he can do a rigged system !
“the president has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case” ag barr  this doesn’t mean that i do not have as president the legal right to do so i do but i have so far chosen not to !
drain the swamp ! we want bad people out of our government !
mini mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians no boxes please he hates crazy bernie and will with enough money possibly stop him bernie’s people will go nuts !
mini mike bloomberg is a loser who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence you will see he reminds me of a tiny version of jeb “low energy” bush but jeb has more political skill and has treated the black community much better than mini ! 
now it looks like the fore person in the jury in the roger stone case had significant bias add that to everything else and this is not looking good for the “justice” department  @ foxandfriends  @ fox news 
if my hands were tied iran would have a field day sends a very bad signal the democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the republican party don’t let it happen !
it is very important for our country’s security that the united states senate not vote for the iran war powers resolution we are doing very well with iran and this is not the time to show weakness americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist soleimani
fake  news   @ cnn and msdnc have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in new hampshire and in iowa that’s why they are poorly rated fake  news  ! i will win both states in november
the fake  news  media is looking hard for the big democrat story but there is nothing too fabulous wouldn’t a big story be that i got more new hampshire primary votes than any incumbent president in either party in the history of that great state ? not an insignificant fact !
who are the four prosecutors mueller people ? who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal the mueller scam and shouldn’t ever even have started ? 13 angry democrats ?
impeachment king steyer how did that work out ? spent 200 million dollars and got less than 1 of the vote in iowa and only 3 of the vote in new hampshire could it be that something is just plain missing ? not easy to do what i did is it ?
elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas is having a really bad night i think she is sending signals that she wants out calling for unity is her way of getting there going home and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband !
whatever happened to hillary campaign manager podesta’s brother ? wasn’t he caught forced to leave his firm with big bad things to happen ? why did nothing ever happen to him only to the “other” side ?
and a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want stone to serve 9 years for a phony mueller witch hunt disgrace caught ! 
is this the judge that put paul manafort in solitary confinement something that not even mobster al capone had to endure ? how did she treat crooked hillary clinton ? just asking ! 
great being in new hampshire last night i would say that was the biggest political rally in new hampshire history incredible evening !
this is a horrible and very unfair situation the real crimes were on the other side as nothing happens to them cannot allow this miscarriage of justice ! 
should never happen to another president ! 
meeting with us governors in a short while all states are doing well “thank you mr president”
hope the fake  news  which never discusses it is talking about the big crowds forming for my new hampshire rally tonight they won’t !
because of how badly they did with the impeachment hoax aoc will primary cryin’ chuck schumer and win and jerry nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent ! it is all getting quite interesting pelosi will lose the house again ! my poll numbers great
will be in manchester new hampshire tonight for a big rally want to shake up the dems a little bit  they have a really boring deal going on still waiting for the iowa results votes were fried big crowds in manchester !
make america great again and then keep america great !
this is the biggest political crime in american history by far simply put the party in power illegally spied on my campaign both before and after the election in order to change or nullify the results of the election it continued on with the impeachment hoax terrible !
fbi director christopher wray just admitted that the fisa warrants and survailence of my campaign were illegal so was the fake dossier therefore the whole scam investigation the mueller report and everything else for three years was a fixed hoax who pays the price ?
so good to see that republicans will be winning the great state of alabama senate seat back now that lightweight senator  @ dougjones cast a partisan vote for the impeachment hoax thought his boss cryin’ chuck would have forced him to vote against the hoax a do nothing stiff !
 @ larrysabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in than he is at telling you what is going to happen because in fact he doesn’t have a clue ! 
sabato got it all wrong last time never came close to understanding the trump voter actually it’s simple make america great again and then keep america great ! 
romney hurt some very good republican senators and he was wrong about the impeachment hoax no clue ! 
this is so true ! 
this will never get old ! 
deface the nation will tell  @ lindseygrahamsc that he must start up judiciary and not stop until the job is done clean up dc now last chance ! 
leading also in new hampshire and most states the fake  news  hates to report this but you will see on november 3rd 
thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews i have gotten on my state of the union speech it was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful country !
can’t say i mind the fact that the great people of west virginia are furious at their puppet democrat senator joe manchin they will never forget his phony vote on the impeachment hoax all he had to do is read the transcripts sadly which he wouldn’t understand anyway
law enforcement has been notified be careful tough guys who you play with ! 
a great coach and a fantastic guy his endorsement of me in indiana was a very big deal ! 
governor cuomo wanted to see me this weekend he just canceled very hard to work with new york  so stupid all they do is sue me all the time ! 
more fake  news  this was photoshopped obviously but the wind was strong and the hair looks good ? anything to demean ! 
we will not be touching your social security or medicare in fiscal 2021 budget only the democrats will destroy them by destroying our country’s greatest ever economy !
 @ repdebdingell who called me tears flowing to thank me for rolling out the maximum “red carpet” for the funeral of her husband then voted against me on the partisan impeachmen hoax said “everybody dems wants to get out of town this has been in my whole career one of
thank you iowa for the record vote we just received in the primary the dems were 25 down although their votes are all fried ! 
was given a horrendous report by his superior the man he reported to who publicly stated that vindman had problems with judgement adhering to the chain of command and leaking information in other words “out”
not good ! 
after years building up other countries we are finally rebuilding our country from our inner cities to our rural communities the forgotten men and women of america are forgotten no longer !  # opportunitynow 
iowa and new hampshire will not be moved from the primary schedule as long as i am president great tradition !
i think they should blame russia russia russia again ! if they can’t count votes properly how are they going to run us healthcare ? 
so do i ! 
just had a long and very good conversation by phone with president xi of china he is strong sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the coronavirus he feels they are doing very well even building hospitals in a matter of only days nothing is easy but
thank you jonathan and great job ! 
it was a great and triumphant evening for our country thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my state of the union speech it was my great honor to have done it !
the democrat party in iowa really messed up but the republican party did not i had the largest reelection vote in the history of that great state by far beating president obama’s previous record by a lot also 97 plus of the vote ! thank you iowa !
when will the democrats start blaming russia russia russia instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the great state of iowa ?
it is not the fault of iowa it is the do nothing democrats fault as long as i am president iowa will stay where it is important tradition ! 
the democrat caucus is an unmitigated disaster nothing works just like they ran the country remember the  5 billion dollar obamacare website that should have cost 2 of that the only person that can claim a very big victory in iowa last night is “trump”
big win for us in iowa tonight thank you !
make america great again !
republicans in iowa go out and caucus today your great trade deals with china mexico canada japan south korea and more are done great times are coming after waiting for decades for our farmers ranchers manufacturers and all nobody else could have pulled this off !
hope you liked this ! 
so great ! 
congratulations to the kansas city chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure we are proud of you and the great state of missouri you are true champions !
congratulations to the kansas city chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure you represented the great state of kansas and in fact the entire usa so very well our country is proud of you !
enjoy the game usa our country is doing great !
mini mike is now negotiating both to get on the democrat primary debate stage and to have the right to stand on boxes or a lift during the debates this is sometimes done but really not fair !
many of the ads you are watching were paid for by mini mike bloomberg he is going nowhere just wasting his money but he is getting the dnc to rig the election against crazy bernie something they wouldn’t do for  @ corybooker and others they are doing it to bernie again 2016
mini mike is part of the fake  news  they are all working together in fact bloomberg isn’t covering himself too boring to do or other dems only trump that sounds fair ! it’s all the fake  news  media and that’s why nobody believes in them any more
wall is moving along strong tall and quickly thank you jim for all of your help ! 
such a great common sense question crazy ! 
getting a little exercise this morning ! 
no matter what you give to the democrats in the end they will never be satisfied in the house they gave us nothing !
the radical left do nothing democrats keep chanting “fairness” when they put on the most unfair witch hunt in the history of the us congress they had 17 witnesses we were allowed zero and no lawyers they didn’t do their job had no case the dems are scamming america !
the best is yet to come ! 
thank you iowa i love you ! 
working closely with china and others on coronavirus outbreak only 5 people in us all in good recovery
biggest trade deal ever made the usmca was signed yesterday and the fake  news  media barely mentioned it they never thought it could be done they have zero credibility !
just landed in michigan car companies and many others are building and expanding here great to see !
congressman  @ michaelcburgess has done a great job representing the people of texas he continues to protect your very important second amendment mike is strong on crime and the border he loves our great vets and military mike has my complete and total endorsement !
just received a briefing on the coronavirus in china from all of our great agencies who are also working closely with china we will continue to monitor the ongoing develo pm ents we have the best experts anywhere in the world and they are on top of it 24/7 ! 
nancy pelosi wants congress to take away authority presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend americans stand with your commander in chiefs !
with votes in the house tomorrow democrats want to make it harder for presidents to defend america and stand up to as an example iran protect our great country !
for the first time in american history we have replaced a disastrous trade deal that rewarded outsourcing with a truly fair and reciprocal trade deal that will keep jobs wealth and growth right here in america ! 
thanks to our proworker proamerican economic policies unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years we have created over 7 million new jobs more americans are working today than ever before we have the hottest economy on earth ! 
usmca is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects defends and serves the great people of our country promises made promises kept ! 
they will never be satisfied ! 
there is much talk that certain democrats are going to be voting with republicans on the impeachment hoax so that the senate can get back to the business of taking care of the american people sorry but cryin’ chuck schumer will never let that happen !
on the iraq war resolution being voted on tomorrow in the house of represenatives we are down to 5000 soldiers and going down and i want everyone republican and democrat to vote their heart !
remember republicans the democrats already had 17 witnesses we were given none ! witnesses are up to the house not up to the senate don’t let the dems play you !
why didn’t john bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago when he was very publicly terminated he said not that it matters nothing !
no matter how many witnesses you give the democrats no matter how much information is given like the quickly produced transcripts it will never be enough for them they will always scream unfair the impeachment hoax is just another political con job !
if you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020 only this way can we save the america we love – and drain the washington swamp once and for all ! 
it’s amazing what i’ve done the most of any president in the first three years by far considering that for three years i’ve been under phony political investigations and the impeachment hoax ! keep america great !
this is what a future state of palestine can look like with a capital in parts of east jerusalem 
i will always stand with the state of israel and the jewish people i strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland it's time for peace ! 
are you better off now than you were three years ago ? almost everyone say yes !
so what the hell has happened to  @ fox news  only i know ! chris wallace and others should be on fake  news  cnn or msdnc how’s shep smith doing ? watch this will be the beginning of the end for fox just like the other two which are dying in the ratings social media is great !
charlie i always knew you are brilliant ! 
thank you roger it is a big hoax ! 
we are in very close communication with china concerning the virus very few cases reported in usa but strongly on watch we have offered china and president xi any help that is necessary our experts are extraordinary !
schiff must release the ig report without changes or tampering which is said to be yet further exoneration of the impeachment hoax he refuses to give it does it link him to whistleblower ? why is he so adamant ?
the democrat controlled house never even asked john bolton to testify it is up to them not up to the senate !
i never told john bolton that the aid to ukraine was tied to investigations into democrats including the bidens in fact he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination if john bolton said this it was only to sell a book with that being said the
democrats said i never met and released the military aid to ukraine without any conditions or investigations  and far ahead of schedule i also allowed ukraine to purchase javelin antitank missiles my administration has done far more than the previous administration
kobe bryant despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time was just getting started in life he loved his family so much and had such strong passion for the future the loss of his beautiful daughter gianna makes this moment even more devastating
melania and i send our warmest condolences to vanessa and the wonderful bryant family may god be with you all !
reports are that basketball great kobe bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in california that is terrible  news  !
nothing done wrong read the transcripts !
sleepyeyes chuck todd of meet the corrupt press just had a “totally” softball interview with conman adam schiff never even calling shifty out on his fraudulent statement to congress where he made up all of the words of my conversation with the ukrainian president ! fake  news 
shifty adam schiff is a corrupt politician and probably a very sick man he has not paid the price yet for what he has done to our country !
all democrats should watch this ! 
at the judges that we have right now
“you don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case unless you know your case is not working i think their real motivation is for them to keep this president busy we’re doing a great job on the economy we’re building our military look
martha is a great leader on this issue ! 
such a great family ! 
any fair minded person watching the senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly i have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan impeachment hoax that everybody including the democrats truly knows it is this should never be allowed to happen again !
the great  @ loudobbs :  “people know after 3 years of this president the most historic president in our country’s history that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years foreign policy domestic policy you name it it’s amazing just to have the guts not to be
intimidated by this national left wing media that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining crying puddles of cowardice  it is really something to have a man in the white house who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do”
it was my honor to welcome our nation’s mayors to the  @ whitehouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs excellent schools affordable healthcare and safe communities for all of our people ! 
after consultation with our great military leaders designers and others i am pleased to present the new logo for the united states space force the sixth branch of our magnificent military ! 
china has been working very hard to contain the coronavirus the united states greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency it will all work out well in particular on behalf of the american people i want to thank president xi !
the do nothing democrats just keep repeating and repeating over and over again the same old “stuff” on the impeachment hoax they want to use up all of their time even though it is the wrong thing to do they ought to go back to work for our great american people !
cryin’ chuck never had what it takes and never will ! 
the impeachment hoax is interfering with the 2020 election  but that was the idea behind the radical left do nothing dems scam attack they always knew i did nothing wrong !
“i often get asked the question well isn’t the president going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this ? the answer is yes but the congress has no choice it has a constitutional responsibility” joe biden pres candidate even joe agrees with us !  @ foxandfriends
carlos will win big very exciting great for florida great for usa ! he has my complete and total endorsement ! 
that is a real fan thank you ! 
on my way see you soon ! 
crazy bernie takes the lead in the democrat primaries but it is looking more and more like the dems will never allow him to win ! will sleepy joe be able to stumble across the finish line ?
democrats are going to destroy your social security i have totally left it alone as promised and will save it !
a poll of radical left do nothing democrats just came out in florida nice results ! 
mini mike bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting democrat rivals he says that if he loses he really means when ! in the primaries he will spend money helping whoever the democrat nominee is by doing this he figures they won’t hit him as hard
during his hopeless “presidential” campaign they will remain silent ! the fact is when mini losses he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all  and he will be right !
no matter what you give to the radical left do nothing democrats it will never be enough !
sorry if you come you will be immediately sent back ! 
will be great ! 
great working with you maria ! 
they are taking the nomination away from bernie for a second time rigged !
steyer is a major loser just doesn’t get it this is second time with bernie ! 
the best is yet to come ! 
“it’s about the economy stupid” except when it comes to trump the fact is the fake  news  media hates talking about the economy and how incredible it is !
heading to davos switzerland to meet with world and business leaders and bring good policy and additional hundreds of billions of dollars back to the united states of america ! we are now number one in the universe by far ! !
nancy can’t fix it the do nothing dems have done great harm to our country ! 
i will never allow our great second amendment to go unprotected not even a little bit !
it was exactly three years ago today january 20 2017  that i was sworn into office so appropriate that today is also mlk jr day africanamerican unemployment is the lowest in the history of our country by far also best poverty youth and employment numbers ever great !
and they say you can add 7 to 10 to all trump numbers ! who knows ? 
cryin’ chuck schumer is now asking for “fairness” when he and the democrat house members worked together to make sure i got zero fairness in the house so what else is new ?
they didn’t want john bolton and others in the house they were in too much of a rush now they want them all in the senate not supposed to be that way !
the democrat party in the great commonwealth of virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd amendment rights this is just the beginning don’t let it happen vote republican in 2020 !
i was thrilled to be back in the great state of texas tonight where the people are known for being tough strong hardworking loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like america’s incredible farmers !  # afbf2020 
now mini mike bloomberg is critical of jack wilson who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a church because he was carrying a gun and knew how to use it jack quickly killed the shooter who was beginning a rampage mini is against the 2nd a his ads are fake just like him !
i have never seen the republican party as strong and as unified as it is right now thank you !
i will be going to austin texas leaving soon always like love ! being in the lone star state speaking to our great farmers they hit “paydirt” with our incredible new trade deals :  china japan mexico canada south korea and many others !
if you listened to the flawed advice of  @ paulkrugman at the  @ nytimes a  news paper that was going broke until i came along you would have entirely missed the record breaking stock market and other numbers produced since election day 2016 sorry those are the facts
but the best is yet to come !
if you listened to the flawed advice of  @ paulkrugman at the  @ nytimes a  news paper that was going broke until i came along you would have entirely missed the record breaking stock market and other numbers produced since election day 2016 sorry those are the facts
but the best is yet to come !
but the best is yet to come !
if you listened to the flawed advice of  @ paulkrugman at the  @ nytimes a  news paper that was going broke until i came along you would have entirely missed the record breaking stock market and other numbers produced since election day 2016 sorry those are the facts
another fake book by two third rate washington post reporters has already proven to be inaccurately reported to their great embarrassment all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a president who is getting great things done for our country at a record clip thank you !
they are taking the democrat nomination away from crazy bernie just like last time some things never change !
“day after day really good  news  on the economy by the way this didn’t just happen by accident it’s the result of a lot of the policies that donald trump has put into place obviously the tax cut and now we have these two big trade deals”  @ stephenmoore  great future growth !
a great day at the white house for our national champions the lsu tigers ! 
the noble people of iran—who love america—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect instead of leading iran toward ruin its leaders should abandon terror and make iran great again ! 
your 2nd amendment is under very serious attack in the great commonwealth of virginia that’s what happens when you vote for democrats they will take your guns away republicans will win virginia in 2020 thank you dems !
the socalled “supreme leader” of iran who has not been so supreme lately had some nasty things to say about the united states and europe their economy is crashing and their people are suffering he should be very careful with his words !
joe biden and bernie is shut out again very unfair but that’s the way the democrats play the game anyway it’s a lot of fun to watch !
they are rigging the election again against bernie sanders just like last time only even more obviously they are bringing him out of so important iowa in order that as a senator he sit through the impeachment hoax trial crazy nancy thereby gives the strong edge to sleepy
getting ready to meet the lsu tigers the national champions great coach great team great school very exciting !
mini mike bloomberg doesn’t get on the democrat debate stage because he doesn’t want to  he is a terrible debater and speaker if he did he would go down in the polls even more if that is possible !
“the goa got it exactly backwards here’s what they said the law does not permit the president to substitute his own policy priorities to those congress has enacted into law it’s exactly the opposite the constitution does not allow congress to substitute its own priorities
i just got impeached for making a perfect phone call !
this is a total disgrace but just another reason that i’m going to win michigan again ! 
the farmers are really happy with the new china trade deal and the soon to be signed deal with mexico and canada but i hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that i was able to take massive incoming tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times !
cryin’ chuck schumer is saying privately that the new china trade deal is  unbelievable which it is but publicly he knocks it whenever possible that’s politics but so bad for our great country !
one of the greatest trade deals ever made ! also good for china and our long term relationship 250 billion dollars will be coming back to our country and we are now in a great position for a phase two start there has never been anything like this in us history ! usmca next !
here we go again another con job by the do nothing democrats all of this work was supposed to be done by the house not the senate !
i agree with him on this 100 but why would anyone vote democrat ? we are setting all time records with the economy ! 
now up to 187 federal judges and two great new supreme court justices we are in major record territory hope everyone is happy ! 
steyer is running low on cash nobody knows him made his money on coal so funny ! 
we are helping apple all of the time on trade and so many other issues and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers drug dealers  and other violent criminal elements they will have to step up to the plate and help our great country now ! make america great again
on my way to milwaukee wisconsin for a  # trumprally look forward to see you all soon ! 
i stand stronger than anyone in protecting your healthcare with preexisting conditions i am honored to have terminated the very unfair costly and unpopular individual mandate for you !
“we demand fairness” shouts pelosi and the do nothing democrats yet the dems in the house wouldn’t let us have 1 witness no lawyers or even ask questions it was the most unfair witchhunt in the history of congress !
really big breaking  news  kidding :  booker who was in zero polling territory just dropped out of the democrat presidential primary race now i can rest easy tonight i was sooo concerned that i would someday have to go head to head with him !
wow ! the wonderful iranian protesters refused to step on or in any way denigrate our great american flag it was put on the street in order for them to trample it and they walked around it instead big progress !
the democrats and the fake  news  are trying to make terrorist soleimani into a wonderful guy only because i did what should have been done for 20 years anything i do whether it’s the economy military or anything else will be scorned by the rafical left do nothing democrats !
and if republicans win in court and take back the house of represenatives your healthcare that i have now brought to the best place in many years will become the best ever by far i will always protect your preexisting conditions the dems will not !
mini mike bloomberg is spending a lot of money on false advertising i was the person who saved preexisting conditions in your healthcare you have it now while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive unfair and very unpopular individual  mandate
many believe that by the senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence no crime read the transcripts “no pressure”  impeachment hoax rather than an outright dismissal it gives the partisan democrat witch hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have i agree !
wow ! crazy bernie sanders is surging in the polls looking very good against his opponents in the do nothing party so what does this all mean ? stay tuned !
why should i have the stigma of impeachment attached to my name when i did nothing wrong ? read the transcripts ! a totally partisan hoax never happened before house republicans voted 1950 with three dems voting with the republicans very unfair to tens of millions of voters !
why should i have the stigma of impeachment attached to my name when i did nothing wrong read the transcripts ! hose republicans voted 1950 plus we got three dems very unfair to tens of millions of voters !
why did nervous nancy allow corrupt politician shifty schiff to lie before congress ? he must be a witness and so should she !
great idea this phony impeachment hoax should not even be allowed to proceed did nothing wrong just a partisan vote zero republicans never happened before ! 
discretion and only as a last resort” thank you to the great michael goodwin could not have said it better myself !
to the leaders of iran  do not kill your protesters thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you and the world is watching more importantly the usa is watching turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free ! stop the killing of your great iranian people !
congratulations to  @ serenawilliams on another big win she is a great player and an even greater person our members in virginia tennis will never forget you ! 
i hope the house and senate democrats in particular watch this it is a classic thank you to  @ judgejeanine pirro ! 
the government of iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the iranian people there can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters nor an internet shutdown the world is watching
to the brave longsuffering people of iran :  i've stood with you since the beginning of my presidency and my administration will continue to stand with you we are following your protests closely and are inspired by your courage
nancy pelosi will go down as the absolute worst speaker of the house in us history !
new polling shows that the totally partisan impeachment hoax is going nowhere a vast majority want the do nothing democrats to move on to other things now !
where have the radical left do nothing democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of qassem soleimani one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb ? he was also looking to do big future damage ! dems are “unhinged”
“fbi director apologizes for fisa errors of which there were far to many to be a coincidence !”  @ fox news  chris what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the socalled “errors ?” are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed ?
she will go down as perhaps the least successful speaker in us history ! 
“11000 points gained in the dow in the 3 years since the election of president trump today it may hit 29000 that has never happened before in that time frame that has added 128 trillion dollars to the value of american business”  @ varneyco  @ fox news   the best is yet to come !
we will get this done for our great miners ! 
great interview this morning by  @ foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big rally last night in toledo ohio thank you such amazing energy !
wow ! thank you greg hope i live up to your expectations 
after years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation we are finally putting america first !  # kag2020 
under my administration we will never make excuses for america’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending american lives – and we will never stop working to defeat radical islamic terrorism ! 
heading to toledo ohio for first rally of the year tremendous crowd here we go for a big 2020 win !
us cancer death rate lowest in recorded history ! a lot of good  news  coming out of this administration
pelosi doesn’t want to hand over the articles of impeachment which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like shifty schiff in the first place because after all of these years of investigations and persecution they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam !
see you later ! 
if however the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility and politely asks for help from the federal government we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run democrat cities great again !
the homeless situation in los angeles san francisco and many other democrat party run cities throughout the nation is a state and local problem not a federal problem
iran will never have a nuclear weapon !
the impeachment hoax just a continuation of the witch hunt which started even before i won the election must end quickly read the transcripts see the ukrainian president’s strong statement no pressure  get this done it is a con game by the dems to help with the election !
“the reason they are not sending the articles of impeachment to the senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic”  @ lindseygrahamsc  @ mariabartiromo  the great scam continues to be spending time on this political hoax at this moment in our history when i am so busy is sad !
the united states just spent two trillion dollars on military equi pm ent we are the biggest and by far the best in the world ! if iran attacks an american base or any american we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equi pm ent their wayand without hesitation !
hundreds of iranian protesters he was already attacking our embassy and preparing for additional hits in other locations iran has been nothing but problems for many years let this serve as a warning that if iran strikes any americans or american assets we have
followed and then it was withdrawn the democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks as senator josh hawley just said he’s going to enter a motion to dismiss the impeachment trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial”
followed and then it was withdrawn the democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks as senator josh hawley just said he’s going to enter a motion to dismiss the impeachment trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial”
this is a great book a must read ! 
and more control over iraq and the people of iraq are not happy with that it will never end well !
general qassem soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of americans over an extended period of time and was plotting to kill many morebut got caught ! he was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people including the recent large number
of protesters killed in iran itself while iran will never be able to properly admit it soleimani was both hated and feared within the country they are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe he should have been taken out many years ago !
iran never won a war but never lost a negotiation !
had happened to a presidential candidate or president who was a democrat everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason and more and it would be considered the crime of the century far bigger and more sinister than watergate !
they don’t know how to do that ! 
too bad corey would have won ! he and i loves new hampshire 
thank you steve the greatest witch hunt in us history ! 
one of my greatest honors was to have gotten choice approved for our great veterans others have tried for decades and failed ! 
i am far better on healthcare than the democrats ! 
the fake  news  said i played golf today and i did not ! i had meeting in various locations while closely monitoring the us embassy situation in iraq which i am still doing the corrupt lamestream media knew this but not surprisingly failed to report or correct !
just for a little change of pace ! 
iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost or damage incurred at any of our facilities they will pay a very big price ! this is not a warning it is a threat happy new year !
“it’s my opinion as a lawyer that the articles of impeachment are defective on their face which means i would like to see a motion to dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial i don’t think there should be a trial i think it should be dismissed
remember when pelosi was screaming that president trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly they didn’t get one republican house vote and lost 3 dems they produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the senate she’s all lies most overrated person i know !
very good meeting on the middle east the military and trade heading back to the southern white house maralago ! updates throughout the day
to those many millions of people in iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by iran this is your time !
i will be signing our very large and comprehensive phase one trade deal with china on january 15 the ceremony will take place at the white house high level representatives of china will be present at a later date i will be going to beijing where talks will begin on phase two !
armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in texas if it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed and highly proficient in using their weapon the end result would have been catastrophic a big thank you to them !
iran killed an american contractor wounding many we strongly responded and always will now iran is orchestrating an attack on the us embassy in iraq they will be held fully responsible in addition we expect iraq to use its forces to protect the embassy and so notified !
our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack it was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers lives were saved by these heroes and texas laws allowing them to carry arms !
he is fake  news  will always be fredo to us i should release some of his dishonest interviews ? coupled with bad ratings he’d be out ! 
the antisemitic attack in monsey new york on the 7th night of hanukkah last night is horrific we must all come together to fight confront and eradicate the evil scourge of antisemitism melania and i wish the victims a quick and full recovery
crazy nancy pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the impeachment hoax ! 
thank you joe so good for our workers ! 
so sad to see that new york city and state are falling apart all they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than i should governor cuomo has lost control and lost his mind very bad for the homeless and all !
i want to thank rush limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the make america great again movement and our keep america great agenda ! he is a major star who never wavered despite the fake  news  hits he has had to endure his voice is far bigger than theirs !
crazy nancy pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the impeachment hoax ! 
california and new york must do something about their tremendous homeless problems they are setting records ! if their governors can’t handle the situation which they should be able to do very easily they must call and “politely” ask for help would be so easy with competence !
now that wasn’t very nice was it ? 
our great first lady she really cares ! 
what kind of an animal is this ? 
come on crazy nancy do it ! 
he made same prediction in 2016 nobody ever said michael was stupid ! 
thank you indian country for being such an important part of the american story ! i recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty
thank you kristy have a great year ! 
the movie will never be the same ! just kidding 
i guess justin t doesn’t much like my making him pay up on nato or trade ! 
california leads the nation by far in both the number of homeless people and the percentage increase in the homeless population  two terrible stats crazy nancy should focus on that in her very down district and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem !
russia syria and iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands of innocent civilians in idlib province don’t do it ! turkey is working hard to stop this carnage
russia syria and iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands if inocent civilians in idlib province don’t do it ! turkey is working hard to stop this carnage
the radical left do nothing democrats said they wanted to rush everything through to the senate because “president trump is a threat to national security” they are vicious will say anything ! but now they don’t want to go fast anymore they want to go very slowly liars !
“look the house is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents before they send the articles over to the senate not to call in new witnesses go through new documents  that work is supposed to be done in the house”  @ katiepavlich  @ foxandfriends
why should crazy nancy pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the house be allowed to impeach the president of the united states ? got zero republican votes there was no crime the call with ukraine was perfect with “no pressure” she said it must be “bipartisan
why should crazy nancy pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the house be allowed to impeach the president of the united states ? got zero republican votes there was no crime the call with ukraine was perfect with “no pressure” she said it must be “bipartisan
thank you tammy you are doing a great job ! 
governor gavin n has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in california if he can’t fix the problem the federal govt will get involved ! 
the only reason we were able to get our great usmca trade deal approved was because the do nothing democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment she knows nothing about the usmca deal !
everything we’re seeing from speaker pelosi and senator schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough  and are very very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence the only way to make this work is to
“the real victims here are the american people and the constitution the constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by nancy pelosi this is a very bad time for the united states constitution”   @ alandersh
stock market closes at alltime high ! what a great time for the radical left do nothing democrats to impeach your favorite president especially since he has not done anything wrong !
wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that republicans in the senate should handle the impeachment hoax in the exact same manner as democrats in the house handled their recent partisan scam ? why would it be different for republicans than it was for the radical left democrats ?
pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the us congress and now she is crying for fairness in the senate and breaking all rules while doing so she lost congress once she will do it again !
melania and i send our warmest wishes to jewish people in the united states israel and across the world as you commence the 8day celebration of hanukkah 
crazy nancy wants to dictate terms on the impeachment hoax to the republican majority senate but striped away all due process no lawyers or witnesses on the democrat majority house the dems just wish it would all end their case is dead their poll numbers are horrendous !
last night i was so proud to have signed the largest defense bill ever the very vital space force was created new planes ships missiles rockets and equi pm ent of every kind and all made right here in the usa additionally we got border wall being built funding nice !
the great democrat disgrace but we are winning ! 
my administration pushed to include a big expansion to veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our country get the care they need  # ruralprosperity
honored to finally put an end to the “widow’s tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits the spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and we must do everything in our power to ease the burden
last year i signed legislation that gives our veterans choice through private providers and at urgent care facilities ! today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave veterans care quickly and close to home
to the extraordinary men and women of the united states military :  
we are getting ms13 gang members and many other people that shouldn’t be here out of our country ! 
just had a great call with the president of brazil  @ jairbolsonaro we discussed many subjects including trade the relationship between the united states and brazil has never been stronger !
and has my full endorsement this is a big win for our gop and a big win for south jersey south jersey is trump country so i know all nj republicans will join me in supporting jeff van drew the dems are already coming after him so help jeff win 
thank you to franklin graham for stating that his father the late great billy graham voted for me in the 2016 election i know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together ! 
i guess the magazine “christianity today” is looking for elizabeth warren bernie sanders or those of the socialist/communist bent to guard their religion how about sleepy joe ? the fact is no president has ever done what i have done for evangelicals or religion itself !
a far left magazine or very “progressive” as some would call it which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the billy graham family for many years christianity today knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather
thank you bill so true ! 
“what’s been revealed is a country in better shape than it’s been in decades working men and women in the country are the beneficiaries of a president who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do that is to restore prosperity for all americans”  @ loudobbs  thank you lou !
“this is political malpractice this is a horrible judgement call on the part of the speaker you put your members in trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot it’s only going to extend it out further this looks like the joke that it actually is” ben domenech
the reason the democrats don’t want to submit the articles of impeachment to the senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician adam shifty schiff to testify under oath nor do they want the whistleblower the missing second whistleblower the informer the bidens to testify !
the house democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the republicans on their impeachment hoax the republicans have never been so united !  the dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial !
so after the democrats gave me no due process in the house no lawyers no witnesses no nothing they now want to tell the senate how to run their trial actually they have zero proof of anything they will never even show up they want out i want an immediate trial !
pelosi feels her phony impeachment hoax is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the senate which can set a date and put this whole scam into default if they refuse to show up ! the do nothings are so bad for our country !
our great congressman gohmert is a true patriot fighting back against people that must hate our country ! 
this is what the dems are dealing with does anyone think this is good for the usa ! 
“the senate shall set the time and place of the trial” if the do nothing democrats decide in their great wisdom not to show up they would lose by default !
100 republican vote that’s what people are talking about the republicans are united like never before !
such atrocious lies by the radical left do nothing democrats this is an assault on america and an assault on the republican party !
won’t convict and remove the president  then the house should not be impeaching the president in the first place if this is the new standard every president from here on out is impeachable”  andy mccarthy  @ fox news   so well stated thank you !
in the end here nothing happened we don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a president should be removed from office i believe that a president can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the senate
will go down in history as worst speaker already thrown out once ! 
“impeachment is a terrible idea for the country the more people learn about impeachment the less people want impeachment”  @ tuckercarlson
sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job has my total and complete endorsement ! 
said “i’m going to clean up washington i’m going to help people” he gave big tax cuts he’s made our military strong they’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do history will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever
“it’s sad here’s a gentleman who came to the white house and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath all they wanted to do is impeach him they started the day after he was elected even the day after he was sworn in  but this president came to washington and
“they just wanted to get at the president they had no intention of having a proper investigation they couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of congress which every administration from the beginning has done”  @ repdougcollins  @ foxandfriends
can you believe that i will be impeached today by the radical left do nothing democrats and i did nothing wrong ! a terrible thing read the transcripts this should never happen to another president again say a prayer !
 @ marcthiessen  “voters say the democrats are trying to take away their votes pelosi was right the first time impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the democrats how can you impeach the president for going to the courts ?”
they want to impeach me i’m not worried ! and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways how can they do that and yet impeach a very successful economy plus president of the united states who has done nothing wrong ? these people are crazy !
good marks and reviews on the letter i sent to pelosi today she is the worst ! no wonder with people like her and cryin’ chuck schumer dc has been such a mess for so long  and that includes the previous administration who and now we know for sure spied on my campaign
democrat “leadership” despite their denials are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous impeachment if they vote yes it will be much easier for republicans to win in 2020 !
we support  @ jeanineanez in bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections we denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in bolivia and from afar the us stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy !
would be sooo great if the fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease the dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation this is the time to do it exports would zoom !
impeachment poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole democrat scam is all about !
the stock market hit another record high yesterday number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite president and the radical left do nothing democrats want to impeach me don’t worry i have done nothing wrong actually they have !
congressman jeff van drew is very popular in our great and very united republican party it was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily republican district as a democrat people like that are not easily replaceable !
new stock market high ! i will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning !
i look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched do nothing democrat debates my record is so good on the economy and all else including debating that perhaps i would consider more than 3 debates
read the transcripts ! the impeachment hoax is the greatest con job in the history of american politics ! the fake  news  media and their partner the democrat party are working overtime to make life for the united republican party and all it stands for as difficult as possible !
impeaching him they hate the fact above all that this president is delivering substantial policy results for the working americans who put him in the white house and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year”  @ nextrevfnc   @ stevehiltonx  thank you steve !
“here in america it will be the same victory as brexit but even more so in the us while all of this has been going on the impeachment the obstruction the resistance president trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one
of the most successful presidencies in history just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived
impeaching him they hate the fact above all that this president is delivering substantial policy results for the working americans who put him in the white house and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year”  @ nextrevfnc   @ stevehiltonx  thank you steve !
of the most successful presidencies in history just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived
“here in america it will be the same victory as brexit but even more so in the us while all of this has been going on the impeachment the obstruction the resistance president trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one
watch these two great people talk about the impeachment hoax will be by far the best hour on television ! 
congressional do nothing democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the impeachment hoax people that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces crazy nancy is finding defending shifty schiff harder than she thought !  # 2020election
because nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth and she didn’t have time to think ! 
so now comey’s admitting he was wrong wow but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed he was actually caught a long time ago so what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct could it be years in jail ? where are the apologies to me and others jim ?
a perfect phone call “can you do us not me us is referring to our country a favor” then go on to talk about “country” and “us attorney general” the impeachment hoax is just a continuation of the witch hunt which has been going on for 3 years we will win magakag  # 2020
as bad as the ig report is for the fbi and others and it is really bad remember that ig horowitz was appointed by obama there was tremendous bias and guilt exposed so obvious but horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it big credibility loss obama knew everything !
far from it ! 
wow that would be big always heard jeff is very smart ! 
thank you for your honesty jeff all of the democrats know you are right but unlike you they don’t have the “guts” to say so ! 
i will see navy at the white house to present the commanderinchief’s trophy ! 
congratulations to tiger and the entire us team on a great comeback and tremendous win true champions ! 
trampled on our constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our republic the american people are going to speak up and speak out about this i think this guarantees trump’s reelection in 2020”  @ jasonmeister
absolutely no pressure i don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of itand they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money unbelievably the democrats have weaponized the impeachment process they have
trampled on our constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our republic the american people are going to speak up and speak out about this i think this guarantees trump’s reelection in 2020” jason meister
absolutely no pressure i don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of itand they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money unbelievably the democrats have weaponized the impeachment process they have
after watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man  @ brettkavanaugh was treated by the democrats and now seeing first hand how these same radical left do nothing dems are treating the whole impeachment hoax i understand why so many dems are voting republican !
it’s not fair that i’m being impeached when i’ve done absolutely nothing wrong ! the radical left do nothing democrats have become the party of hate they are so bad for our country !
the penalty tariffs set for december 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal we will begin negotiations on the phase two deal immediately rather than waiting until after the 2020 election this is an amazing deal for all thank you !
we have agreed to a very large phase one deal with china they have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of agricultural product energy and manufactured goods plus much more the 25 tariffs will remain as is with 7 1/2 put on much of the remainder
the wall street journal story on the china deal is completely wrong especially their statement on tariffs fake  news  they should find a better leaker !
the republican party is more united now than at any time in its history  by far !
the do nothing democrats have become the party of lies and deception ! the republicans are the party of the american dream !
poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of no impeachment especially with swing states and independents in swing states people have figured out that the democrats have no case it is a total hoax even pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago !
congratulations to boris johnson on his great win ! britain and the united states will now be free to strike a massive new trade deal after brexit this deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the eu celebrate boris !
looking like a big win for boris in the uk !
nancy pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years” in other words she lied this was the radical left do nothing democrats plan all along long before the ukraine phone call impeachment hoax !
 @ replouiegohmert  “this is so surreal for three years this president has been harassed he’s been electronically surveilled spied upon allegations have never ceased they continue and their continuing today at some point you would think you would look at the abuse
what’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable the majority has been so abusive”
i also have constantly asked “why aren’t germany france and other european countries helping ukraine more ? they are the biggest beneficiaries why is it always the good ol’ united states ?” the radical left do nothing democrats never mention this at their phony hearing !
dems veronica escobar and jackson lee purposely misquoted my call i said i want you to do us our country ! a favor not me a favor they know that but decided to lie in order to make a fraudulent point ! very sad
getting very close to a big deal with china they want it and so do we !
big 
i will be there in two weeks the southern white house ! 
great rally in pennsylvania last night congressman lloyd smucker pa11 was there and i informed him that he has my complete and total endorsement for the upcoming 2020 election lloyd has done a great job i am with him all the way maga
they spied on my campaign ! 
they will never do it ! 
the  news  media in our country is fake and in many cases totally corrupt ! 
“zero evidence that any law was broken they’re not even alleging that a law was broken this is an abuse of the constitution it is using impeachment as a campaign tool”  @ sentedcruz
they were just upset that i demanded they pay their fair share for nato their countries are delinquent i raised $530 billion more from nato countries ! thank you charles 
after years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation in everything we do we are putting america first !  # kag2020 
day after day we are exposing the depravity dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt washington establishment — and with your help we are going to complete the mission and drain the swamp !  # kag2020 
thank you pennsylvania ! with your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning ! we are one movement one people one family and one glorious nation under god ! 
on my way to hershey pennsylvania for a rally see everyone soon i love hershey chocolate ! 
shifty schiff a totally corrupt politician made up a horrible and fraudulent statement read it to congress and said those words came from me he got caught was very embarrassed yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud he’ll eventually have to answer for this !
looking like very good democrat support for usmca that would be great for our country !
america’s great usmca trade bill is looking good it will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the usa good for everybody  farmers manufacturers energy unions  tremendous support importantly we will finally end our country’s worst trade deal nafta !
to impeach a president who has proven through results including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history to have one of the most successful presidencies ever and most importantly who has done nothing wrong is sheer political madness !  # 2020election
“you have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the report they are very bad the fisa court was clearly taken for a ride on this a failure of the fbi up and fown the chain of command it’s about as strong a medicine as i’ve seen in a report of this kind
the do nothing democrats are a disgrace ! 
the best economy ever ! 
the real deal ! 
let our great soldiers fight ! 
what he did is illegal schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal ! 
american people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years ? i think it is really a hard sell for nancy pelosi”  @ danhenninger  the wall street journal
ig report out tomorrow that will be the big story !
the wall is going up fast ! 
i got nato countries to pay 530 billion dollars a year more and the us less and came home to a fake  news  media that mocked me didn’t think that was possible !
it’s going to go nowhere they are going to impeach not because they have the evidence but because they hate the president i think the american people know that this is a waste of time this is democrats putting on a circus  @ sentedcruz interviewed by sleepy eyes chuck todd
“any president has the authority to investigate corruption the president himself released the transcript of the call now the democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law this is a kangaroo court in the house but it’s going to go to the senate
less than 48 hours before start of the impeachment hearing hoax on monday the no due process do nothing democrats are believe it or not changing the impeachment guidelines because the facts are not on their side when you can’t win the game change the rules !
kim jong un is too smart and has far too much to lose everything actually if he acts in a hostile way he signed a strong denuclearization agreement with me in singapore he does not want to void his special relationship with the president of the united states or interfere 
“not only have the democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy but the polls especially in early states are showing that voters are tuning out”  @ petehegseth they don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached !
“why reelect democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority their case is not strong because first it was russian collusion then it was obstruction then it was ukraine now their pivoting back to russia why would they be doing that ?” lisa booth
our economy is the envy of the world !
hard to believe but if nancy pelosi had put our great trade deal with mexico and canada usmca up for a vote long ago our economy would be even better if she doesn’t move quickly it will collapse !
the united states will not rest until we bring every american wrongfully detained in iran and around the world back home to their loved ones ! 
taken during the obama administration despite $150 billion gift returned during the trump administration thank you to iran on a very fair negotiation see we can make a deal together ! 
while the world is not doing well economically our country is doing better perhaps than it has ever done before jobs jobs jobs !
read the transcripts ! also see where i say “us” our country as opposed to “me” meaning me and where i then say that the attorney general of the united states will call you people still remember schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation witch hunt !
why is the world bank loaning money to china ? can this be possible ? china has plenty of money and if they don’t they create it stop !
this bill helps students get the student aid they need to go to college ! stop the headaches and stop the paperwork barriers to higher education ! congrats to lamar !
all necessary work has been completed to declare mexican cartels terrorist organizations statutorily we are ready to do so however at the request of a man who i like and respect and has worked so well with us president andres manuel  @ lopezobrador we
the king said that the saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the saudi people who love the american people
king salman of saudi arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in pensacola florida
just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at nas pensacola in florida and spoke to  @ govrondesantis my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time we are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing
without the horror show that is the radical left do nothing democrats the stock markets and economy would be even better if that is possible and the border would be closed to the evil of drugs gangs and all other problems !  # 2020
 @ heytammybruce “this seems personal that it is deeply unfair that has not changed this has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them who has had victory where they have not had victory and has exposed the problem with the leftists”
do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject only accept information if it has an actual living name on it the fake  news  media makes up many “sources say” stories do not believe them !
the story today that we are sending 12000 troops to saudi arabia is false or to put it more accurately fake  news  !
nancy pelosi just had a nervous fit she hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more stock market and employment records she says she “prays for the president” i don’t believe her not even close help the homeless in your district nancy usmca ?
the do nothing radical left democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to impeach me over nothing they already gave up on the ridiculous mueller “stuff” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate perfect phone calls with the ukrainian president
this will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of impeachment will be used routinely to attack future presidents that is not what our founders had in mind the good thing is that the republicans have never been more united we will win !
the do nothing democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the house they have no impeachment case and are demeaning our country but nothing matters to them they have gone crazy therefore i say if you are going to impeach me do it now fast so we can have a fair
trial in the senate and so that our country can get back to business we will have schiff the bidens pelosi and many more testify and will reveal for the first time how corrupt our system really is i was elected to “clean the swamp” and that’s what i am doing !
tremendous things achieved for us on my nato trip proudly for our country no president has ever achieved so much in so little time without a us increase other countries have already increased by $130 billionwith $400 billion soon such a thing has never been done before !
when i said in my phone call to the president of ukraine “i would like you to do us a favor though because our country has been through a lot and ukraine knows a lot about it” with the word “us” i am referring to the united states our country i then went on to say that
”i would like to have the attorney general of the united states call you or your people” this based on what i have seen is their big point  and it is no point at a all except for a big win for me ! the democrats should apologize to the american people !
just read the best maureen dowd column in the new york times ever although she treated me great before politics but it was written by her brother kevin someone in the  news  media should hire her wonderful talented and very smart brother ! 
 @ nato has now recognized space as an operational domain and the alliance is stronger for it us leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and win on all fronts – land air sea and space !
when today’s meetings are over i will be heading back to washington we won’t be doing a press conference at the close of nato because we did so many over the past two days safe travels to all !
great progress has been made by nato over the last three years countries other than the us have agreed to pay 130 billion dollars more per year and by 2024 that number will be 400 billion dollars nato will be richer and stronger than ever before
just finished meetings with turkey and germany heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2 goals followed by meetings with denmark and italy
too bad we will miss you kamala ! 
the united states of america supports the brave people of iran who are protesting for their freedom we have under the trump administration and always will !
just landed in the united kingdom heading to london for nato meetings tomorrow prior to landing i read the republicans report on the impeachment hoax great job ! radical left has no case read the transcripts shouldn’t even be allowed can we go to supreme court to stop ?
the fed should lower rates there is almost no inflation and loosen making us competitive with other nations and manufacturing will soar ! dollar is very strong relative to others
manufacturers are being held back by the strong dollar which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the federal reserve  which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of jay powell !
thank you to president zelensky case over the do nothing democrats should finally go back to work ! 
when lisa page the lover of peter strzok talks about being “crushed” and how innocent she is ask her to read peter’s “insurance policy” text to her just in case hillary loses also why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left mueller where are they lisa ?
the republican party has never been so united ! this impeachment scam is just a continuation of the 3 year witch hunt but it is only bringing us even closer together !
not only did i see it  @ doksart i think it is fantastic you are a wonderful artist never give up your dream ! 
thank you to great republican  @ senjohnkennedy for the job he did in representing both the republican party and myself against sleepy eyes chuck todd on meet the depressed !
heading to europe to represent our country and fight hard for the american people while the do nothing democrats purposely scheduled an impeachment hoax hearing on the same date as nato not nice ! 
the do nothing democrats get 3 constitutional lawyers for their impeachment hoax they will need them ! the republicans get one oh that sounds fair !
“when the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers then we have totally upended the rule of law nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble our system of government is under attack”   @ govmikehuckabee
breaking  news  :  the president of ukraine has just again announced that president trump has done nothing wrong with respect to ukraine and our interactions or calls if the radical left democrats were sane which they are not it would be case over !
“the american people are going to see this for what it is it is a political effort by the democrats and the president certainly doesn’t have to aid in the impeachment effort” robert ray  @ mariabartiromo  democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts 2020 !
us markets are up as much as 21 since the announcement of tariffs on 3/1/2018  and the us is taking in massive amounts of money and giving some to our farmers who have been targeted by china !
great writer and historian doug wead has written a true not fake  news  account of what is going on in washington and the white house his new book inside trump’s white house is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our country’s history buy it !
on world aids day the first lady and i express our support for those living with hiv/aids and mourn the lives lost we reaffirm our commitment to end the hiv/aids epidemic
in america community by community where we will eradicate aids in 10 years program already started american leadership has proven that together we can save lives
i will be representing our country in london at nato while the democrats are holding the most ridiculous impeachment hearings in history read the transcripts nothing was done or said wrong ! the radical left is undercutting our country hearings scheduled on same dates as nato !
and the do nothing democrats want to impeach president trump ? 
thank you to  @ buckmcneely1 and oliver north for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview best wishes !
just returned to the united states after spending a great thanksgiving with our courageous american warriors in afghanistan ! 
i thought  news week was out of business ? 
people now realize it is a democrat hoax ! 
love to have mike pompeo rick perry mick mulvaney and many others testify about the phony impeachment hoax it is a democrat scam that is going nowhere but future presidents should in no way be compromised what has happened to me should never happen to another president !
the dc wolves and fake  news  media are reading far too much into people being forced by courts to testify before congress i am fighting for future presidents and the office of the president other than that i would actually like people to testify don mcgahn’s respected
support for impeachment is dropping like a rock down into the 20’s in some polls dems should now get down to work and finally approve usmca and much more !
honors that he has earned including his trident pin admiral and now ambassador to norway ken braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new secretary of the navy a man of great achievement and success i know ken will do an outstanding job !
“the whole russia thing was a hoax and the ukraine thing is a hoax and the democrats are a joke this is a disaster for them !”  @ devinnunes  @ fox news  the do nothing democrats are hurting our country and they don’t care !
but i did nothing wrong read the transcripts 2 ! 
agnes your great boy ronald is looking down very proud of you ! 
this is the real story behind the do nothing democrats ! 
too bad we didn’t have the g7 here i offered to pick up the entire cost would have saved at least $35000000 for the usa best location very stupid people thought i would gain wrong ! looking at camp david will announce soon 
pushed hard to have apple build in usa ! 
thank you kevin for the nice words ! 
new york post editorial “worse than pointless all those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal :  to change american’s minds part of the problem is that democrats already leaked the best evidence they had more important not one witness offered
daniel cameron who just won the ag race in the great commonwealth of kentucky is a young and very talented political star you will be hearing much from cameron in the years to come !
“the democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing the whistleblower the guy who took his case to schiff’s staff first is what really blows the lid off this entire saga he worked for biden on ukraine policy when biden was vp he worked for deep state henchman john
daniel cameron who just won the ag race in the great commonwealth of kentucky is a young and very talented political star you will be hearing much from cameron in the yesrs to come !
adam schiff will be compelled to testify should the democrats decide despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate perfect to go forward with the impeachment hoax polls have now turned very strongly against impeachment !
while we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is wrong ! we will soon be putting more options on the table
house republicans are showing real leadership and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices do nothing democrats are playing partisan politics with your drug prices ! we are ready to work together if they actually want to get something done !
 @ secazar and i will soon release a plan to let florida and other states import prescription drugs that are much cheaper than what we have now ! hardworking americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need we are fighting daily to make sure this happens
thank you to  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and  @ gopleader kevin mccarthy for their great leadership ! there has never been so much unity and spirit in the republican party as there is right now !
they want zero transparency thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the iranian regime is causing !
iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire internet system so that the great iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country
president trump said the ukraine president should just do the right thing no quid pro quo you shouldn’t charge but you cannot convict a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence and destabilize the american government” thank you ken !
i have been watching people making phone calls my entire life my hearing is and has been great never have i been watching a person making a call which was not on speakerphone and been able to hear or understand a conversation i’ve even tried but to no avail try it live !
the navy will not be taking away warfighter and navy seal eddie gallagher’s trident pin this case was handled very badly from the beginning get back to business !
but we are winning big and they will soon be on our turf
corrupt politician adam schiff’s lies are growing by the day keep fighting tough republicans you are dealing with human scum who have taken due process and all of the republican party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in american history
president before what they are doing is not legal but i’m clean and when i release my financial statement my decision sometime prior to election it will only show one thing  that i am much richer than people even thought  and that is a good thing jobs jobs jobs !
i want nothing ! 
nancy pelosi will go down as the least productive speaker of the house in history she is dominated by aoc plus 3 and the radical left mexico and canada after waiting for 6 months to be approved are ready to flee  and who can blame them ? too bad !
a great day for republicans a great day for our country !
i agree but in the end we will win and save our country from certain destruction ! 
the do nothing democrats have disgraced our great country ! 
mark levin speaking one week after i took office this was always a planned coup and the radical left democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020 ! 
where is the fake whistleblower ?
the crazed do nothing democrats are turning impeachment into a routine partisan weapon that is very bad for our country and not what the founders had in mind !
paul krugman of  @ nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money paul just concede the game say i was right and lets start a brand new game ! 
paul krugman has called me wrong from day one people at the failing new york times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much paul match over ! 
the do nothing dems are now doing even less  and soooo much work to be done !
joe ricketts one of our country’s most successful businessmen including being the owner of the chicago cubs has just written a great new book the harder you work the luckier you get so true ! much can be learned from joe go get the book !
our great farmers will recieve another major round of “cash” compliments of china tariffs prior to thanksgiving the smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries in the meantime and as you may have noticed china is starting to buy big again japan deal done enjoy !
mr chairman joe biden may be sleepy and very slow but he is not a “rabid dog” he is actually somewhat better than that but i am the only one who can get you where you have to be you should act quickly get the deal done see you soon ! 
thank you pete our great warfighters must be allowed to fight i would not have done this for sgt bergdahl or chelsea manning ! 
visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing walter reed medical center those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world also began phase one of my yearly physical everything very good great ! will complete next year
“i mean come on the democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle the democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag trump’s name into the mud !” lisa booth  @ foxandfriends thank you lisa !
and taylor dismissing everybody involved from the obama holdover days trying to undermine trump getting rid of those people dismissing them this is what it looks like it was never going to be claen they were never going to sit by idly and just let trump do this !” rush l
“my support for donald trump has never been greater than it is right now it is paramountly obvious watching this these people have to go you elected donald trump to drain the swamp well dismissing people like yovanovitch is what that looks like dismissing people like kent
a double standard like never seen before in the history of our country ?
we have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations and save great cost and also the democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our country !
they call it “serving at the pleasure of the president” the us now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy much different than proceeding administrations it is called quite simply america first ! with all of that however i have done far more for ukraine than o
everywhere marie yovanovitch went turned bad she started off in somalia how did that go ? then fast forward to ukraine where the new ukrainian president spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him it is a us president’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors
filth pouring into the pacific ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard is getting nothing done she is a do nothing democrat as speaker and will hopefully not be in that position very long approve usmca which has been sitting on her desk for months !
ambassador sondland did not tell us and certainly did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation” the fake impeachment inquiry is now dead !
this saturday the eyes of history are looking at the people of louisiana if you want to defend your values your jobs and your freedom then you need to replace radical liberal john bel edwards with a true louisiana patriot eddierispone !  # geauxvote 
we send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded
anywhere so we’ve now had 3 years of the democrats chasing donald trump nancy pelosi’s worried about the american voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually look at her own story in the house what have they done ? the average american can’t identify anything
hit new stock market record again yesterday the 20th time this year with great potential for the future usa is where the action is companies and jobs are coming back like never before !
thank you  @ franklingraham it is a time of “shame” for our country the democrats know what they are doing is wrong ! 
any laws or did anything wrong and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid and there was no quo ukraine got it’s money 3 weeks early and there was no investigation”  @ charleshurt  @ foxandfriends
“nancy pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle she did not want to go down this road she realizes this is a huge loser for democrats the founders envisioned the worst people being in politics yet they couldn’t envision this you have these people taking
“millions of americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is” rush limbaugh  @ foxandfriends  also why is corrupt politician schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer did that lawyer ever work for me which would be a conflict ?
this is a phony showtrial there is zero due process none it is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory it is another witch hunt this is what the socialist doemocrat party has become there’s not one thing the democrats have done in the past 3 years except try
to hurt donald trump and we the people that support him the left has never accepted the results of the 2016 election they never saw this coming this is not just about president trump they hate everyone he is representing”  @ seanhannity  @ fox news   sean the amazing warrior !
many of the people in daca no longer very young are far from “angels” some are very tough hardened criminals president obama said he had no legal right to sign order but would anyway if supreme court remedies with overturn a deal will be made with dems for them to stay !
economy is booming seems set to have yet another record day !
i will be releasing the transcript of the first and therefore more important phone call with the ukrainian president before week’s end !
”no pressure” put on him to investigate sleepy joe biden even though as president i have an “obligation” to look into corruption and biden’s actions on tape about firing the prosecutor and his son’s taking millions of dollars with no knowledge or talent from a
ukrainian energy company and more millions taken from china and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money are certainly looking very corrupt to put it mildly ! to me both bidens should be forced to testify in this no due process scam !
why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses many of whom are never trumpers or whose lawyers are never trumpers when all you have to do is read the phone call transcript with the ukrainian president and see first hand ? he and others also stated that there was
a great try by  @ seanspicer we are all proud of you !
vote for sean spicer on dancing with the stars he is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard he is in the quarterfinals  all the way with sean !  # maga  # kag 
“the president has until september 30th to give this aid to ukraine he gets it out on september 11th 3 weeks before the deadline so we give our ally aid and joe biden is not investigated remember that they get the aid and we get nothing in return the democrats
schiff and the dems have created this whole thing they reverse engineer it they’ve been vowing to impeach for three years why should we listen to them ? why should we want to ?”   @ greggutfeld  @ fox news 
in order to continue being the most transparent president in history i will be releasing sometime this week the transcript of the first and therefore most important phone call i had with the president of ukraine i am sure you will find it tantalizing !
just like schiff fabricated my phone call he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing !
read the transcript it is perfect !
to think i signed the whistleblower protection act ! 
where is the whistleblower who gave so much false information ? must testify along with schiff and others !
today we come together as one nation to salute the veterans of the united states armed forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the earth our veterans risked everything for us now it is our duty to serve and protect them every day of our lives ! 
shifty adam schiff will only release doctored transcripts we haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from get this having a lawyer republicans should put out their own transcripts ! schiff must testify as to why he made up a statement from me and read it to all !
the lawyer for the whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big impeachment scam ! it should be ended and the whistleblower his lawyer and corrupt politician schiff should be investigared for fraud !
so with one rally by me at the end of the campaign i lift the poll numbers of kentucky governor matt bevin by 19 points he just misses every other republican in the commonwealth wins big and the fake  news  blames me for a bad night ! ok ! by the way mississippi won everything !
a great new book just out “the plot against the president the true story of how congressman devin nunes uncovered the biggest political scandal in us history” shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side check it out ! 
 @ nikkihaley is out with a new book “with all due respect” this week make sure you order your copy today or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello good luck nikki ! 
the call to the ukrainian president was perfect read the transcript ! there was nothing said that was in any way wrong republicans don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect but is not impeachable no it is much stronger than that nothing was done wrong !
corrupt politician adam schiff wants people from the white house to testify in his and pelosi’s disgraceful witch hunt yet he will not allow a white house lawyer nor will he allow any of our requested witnesses this is a first in due process and congressional history !
abc is as bad as the rest of them journalistic standards are nonexistent today the press is so dishonest that we no longer have freedom of the press ! 
make america great again ! 
such great people ! 
thank you andrew meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family !
but the fake  news  will never show this thank you ! 
thank you to lsu and alabama for a great game !
a terrible lie how can she do such a thing ? 
whatever happened to the socalled “informer” to whistleblower  seems to have disappeared after i released the transcript of the call shouldn’t he be on the list to testify ? witch hunt !
just finished reading my son donald’s just out new book “triggered” it is really good ! he along with many of us was very unfairly treated but we all fight back and we always win !
we will win big ! 
good luck vince this will be great ! 
fake  news  is reporting that i am talking to mark burnett about doing a big show perhaps the apprentice after the presidency which i would assume they mean in 5 years this is not true never had such a conversation don’t even have time to think about it false reporting !
i will be announcing the winners of the  # magachallenge and inviting them to the  @ whitehouse to meet with me and perform good luck ! 
the radical left dems and lamestream media are just trying to make it hard for republicans and me to win in 2020 the new impeachment hoax is already turning against them !
based on the information released last night about the fake whistleblowers attorney the impeachment hoax should be ended immediately ! there is no case except against the other side !
the degenerate washington post made up the story about me asking bill barr to hold a  news  conference never happened and there were no sources !
bill barr did not decline my request to talk about ukraine the story was a fake washington post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist just read the transcript the justice department already ruled that the call was good we don’t have freedom of the press !
the lamestream media which is the enemy of the people is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust !
years ago when media was legitimate people known as “fact checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate nowadays they don’t use “fact checkers” anymore they just write whatever they want !
thanks to many of you here today my administration and republicans in congress have now confirmed 157 federal judges who will uphold our constitution as written a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement ! 
just had a very good call with president  @ rterdogan of turkey he informed me that they have captured numerous isis fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al baghdadi…
just had a meeting with top representatives from egypt ethiopia and sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the grand ethiopian renaissance dam one of the largest in the world currently being built the meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day ! 
a lot of winning in kentucky check out the numbers 
great going daniel proud of you ! 
thank you so much club 45 you are truly great americans see you in florida ! 
a very good start ! please all work hard to get a final deal 
so sad to see what is happening in new york where governor cuomo and mayor deblasio are letting out 900 criminals some hardened and bad onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining because of them city the radical left dems are killing our cities nypd chief is resigning !
this is the time for mexico with the help of the united states to wage war on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth we merely await a call from your great new president !
a wonderful family and friends from utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels who were shooting at each other with the result being many great american people killed including young children and some missing if mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these
fantastic being in the great state of kentucky last night vote for matt bevin now !  @ mattbevin  one of best governors in us he will never let you down !
the do nothing dems have gone radical left crazy the can’t get anything done ! 
virginia with all of the massive amount of defense and other work i brought to you and with everything planned go out and vote republican today i know the dems are saying that they have your vote locked up but that would mean a long slide down vote republican today !
vote for sean spicer on dancing with the stars he is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard !  # maga 
thank you lexington kentucky ! get out tomorrow and vote for governor  @ mattbevin and the entire republican ticket america is thriving like never before – and the best is yet to come ! 
alltime high for stock market and all the fake  news  wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax !
i don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company or whatever please advise his clients and administration officials accordingly
many people say they know me claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc when i don’t know these people at all this happens i suppose to all who become president with that being stated i don’t know to the best of my knowledge a man named michael esposito
what i said on the phone call with the ukrainian president is “perfectly” stated there is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning this is just another democrat hoax that i have had to live with from the day i got elected and before ! disgraceful !
mark levin a great lawyer and scholar said last night on his  @ marklevinshow that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call you do not need never trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says it is plainly and very well stated for all to see witch hunt
great ! but how do you know it was a “mistweet ?” may be something with deep meaning ! 
false stories are being reported that a few republican senators are saying that president trump may have done a quid pro quo but it doesn’t matter there is nothing wrong with that it is not an impeachable event perhaps so but read the transcript there is no quid pro quo !
virginia has the best unemployment and economic numbers in the history of the state if the democrats get in those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction on tuesday vote republican !
the fake  news  media is working hard so that information about the whistleblower’s identity which may be very bad for them and their democrat partners never reaches the public
many people listened to my phone call with the ukrainian president while it was being made i never heard any complaints the reason is that it was totally appropriate i say perfect republicans have never been more unified and my republican approval rating is now 95 !
and federal contractor spies stories the finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a roadmap like that which was produced by you  @ oann should be very proud of this great work i wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth keep it up !
thank you to  @ oann for the absolutely incredible special report narrated by  @ pearsonsharp seldom do the american people get to see journalistic work of this quality now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your smears spies and lies
matt has been a great governor kentucky i love you ! please be sure to vote for matt bevin on tuesday matt will never let you down and we have to send a strong signal to nancy pelosi and the radical left democrats see you on monday night vote tuesday ! !
the whistleblower got it sooo wrong that he must come forward the fake  news  media knows who he is but being an arm of the democrat party don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay  reveal the whistleblower and end the impeachment hoax !
putting these massive and many fires out great firefighters ! also open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the north don’t pour it out into the pacific ocean should be done immediately california desperately needs water and you can have it now !
the governor of california  @ gavin news om has done a terrible job of forest management i told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses the environmentalists demand of him must also do burns and cut fire stoppers
schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call he is a corrupt politician ! 
the whistleblower has disappeared where is the whistleblower ?
louisiana has a chance to have a really great governor in  @ eddierispone auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with eddie and your 2nd amendment will be protected current democrat governor has done a really poor job ! vote early for eddie !
republicans have never been more unified than they are right now ! the dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of nervous nancy pelosi and shifty adam schiff !
our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a mayor and governor just don’t “have their backs” new york’s finest must be cherished respected and loved too many prople are leaving our special new york great leaders would work
with a president and federal government that wants our wonerful city and state to flourish and thrive i love new york !
i love new york but new york can never be great again under the current leadership of governor andrew cuomo the brother of fredo or mayor bill deblasio cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work and to keep him out of jams a reason some don’t want to be
with a president and federal government that wants our wonerful city and state to flourish and thrive i love new york !
our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a mayor and governor just don’t “have their backs” new york’s finest must be cherished respected and loved too many prople are leaving our special new york great leaders would work
i love new york but new york can never be great again under the current leadership of governor andrew cuomo the brother if fredo or mayor bill deblasio cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work and to keep him out of jams a reason some don’t want to be
our republican candidate  @ eddierispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your second amendment get out and vote for eddie the next governor of the great state of louisiana !
 @ fox news    @ billhemmer  the public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is corrupt politicians pelosi and schiff are trying to take down the republican party it will never happen we will take back the house !
“adam schiff has taken all of the power for himself that is very unfair there were dozens of people on this call yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems nor did any of them facts matter and that’s why this is not about impeachment” guy lewis former prosecutor
isis has a new leader we know exactly who he is !
chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current superintendent of police it just won’t happen ! thank you to kevin graham and all of the great chicago police officers i just had the privilege to meet tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing !
but the crooked democrats don’t want people to know this ! thank you to tim morrison for your honesty 
this decision but in the end it will be best for all concerned as president i will always be there to help new york and the great people of new york it will always have a special place in my heart !
1600 pennsylvania avenue the white house is the place i have come to love and will stay for hopefully another 5 years as we make america great again but my family and i will be making palm beach florida our permanent residence i cherish new york and the people of
new york and always will but unfortunately despite the fact that i pay millions of dollars in city state and local taxes each year i have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state few have been treated worse i hated having to make
the home of nancy pelosi i can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the do nothing democrats are doing ! san francisco has really gone down hill so sad ! 
while the do nothing democrats fail the american people and continue the impeachment scam my administration will continue to deliver real results as seen over the past month below ! 
our manufacturers we should have lower interest rates than germany japan and all others we are now by far the biggest and strongest country but the fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage china is not our problem the federal reserve is ! we will win anyway
china and the usa are working on selecting a new site for signing of phase one of trade agreement about 60 of total deal after apec in chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances the new location will be announced soon president xi and president trump will do signing !
thank you matt 
never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial indeed allowing a long drawn out trial in the senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the house the crisis is of the democrats own making and it’s up to republicans to make sure this never happens
“now is the time for republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears it would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime but there is notnot in the transcripts and not in the secret witness testimony that
the dems have selectively leaked nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the president remember the president knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet don’t you think ? this farce should
thank you daily wire very cute recreation but the “live” version of conan will be leaving the middle east for the white house sometime next week ! 
the do nothing democrats have gone crazy very bad for usa ! 
the democrats have been on this path for 3 years the first headline i sawbefore the president was sworn in was that the impeachment process was beginningso this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning  @ senatemajldr 
we will be having a big rally for governor  @ mattbevin on monday night in kentucky get your tickets today ! 
early voting in louisiana for a man who will be a great governor  @ eddierispone on saturday november 2nd he will get your auto insurance and taxes way down he will protect your military vets second amendment and energy
my friend mike  @ govdunleavy of the great state of alaska is being treated very unfairly by the democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises now they are trying to recall him because his agenda is the economy jobs and protecting
our military 2nd amendment energy and so many other things that the democrats don’t care about please stop the dems from hurting a very good and hardworking man !
yesterday’s never trumper witness could find no quid pro quo in the transcript of the phone call there were many people listening to the call how come they including the president of ukraine found nothing wrong with it witch hunt !
a federal judge is allowing the nick sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting washington post which is no longer available at the white house ! he could now have a good chance of winning go nick !
the greatest economy in american history !
republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the impeachment hoax with the do nothing democrats and now  are starting to go after the substance even more than the very infair process because just a casual reading of the transcript leads everybody to see that
the call with the ukrainian president was a totally appropriate one as he said “no pressure” this impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the witch hunt hoax which has been going on since before i even got elected rupublicans go with substance and close it out !
nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party our polls show that it is going to be just the opposite the do nothing dems will lose many seats in 2020 they have a death wish led by a corrupt politician adam schiff !
“over in europe and japan they have negative rates they get paid to borrow money don’t we have to follow our competitors ?”  @ varneyco  yes we do the fed doesn’t have a clue ! we have unlimited potential only held back by the federal reserve but we are winning anyway !
nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party our polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite the do nothing dems will lose many seats in 2020 they have a death wish led by a corrupt politician adam schiff !
a great new book just out “the plot against the president the true story of how congressman devin nunez uncovered the biggest political scandal in us history” shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side check it out !
just confirmed that abu bakr albaghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by american troops most likely would have taken the top spot  now he is also dead !
supposedly according to the corrupt media the ukraine call “concerned” today’s never trumper witness was he on the same call that i was ? can’t be possible ! please ask him to read the transcript of the call witch hunt !
how many more never trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is read the transcript ! i knew people were listening in on the call why would i say something inappropriate ? which was fine with me but why so many ?
the do nothing democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the best economy ever the monumental weekend raid tax cuts the rebuilding of our military etc the impeachment hoax is a disgrace read the transcript !
a great book by a great guy get it now ! 
why are people that i never even heard of testifying about the call just read the call transcript and the impeachment hoax is over ! ukrain said no pressure 
the only crimes in the impeachment hoax were committed by shifty adam schiff when he totally made up my phone conversation with the ukrainian president and read it to congress together with numerous others on shifty’s side schiff should be impeached and worse !
“there is no underlying crime in that transcript”  @ ingrahamangle  100 correct and the whistleblower disappeared after i released the transcript of the call where is the whistleblower ? that is why this is now called the impeachment hoax ! the do nothing dems are doing nothing !
so nice thank you ! 
we have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog name not declassified that did such a great job in capturing and killing the leader of isis abu bakr albaghdadi ! 
something very big has just happened !
governor  @ mattbevin has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky ! he continues to protect your very important second amendment matt is strong on crime and the border he loves our great vets and military
mississippi ! there is a very important election for governor on november 5th i need you to get out and vote for our great republican nominee  @ tatereeves tate is strong on crime tough on illegal immigration and will protect your second amendment
our republican candidate  @ eddierispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your second amendment get out and vote for eddie the next governor of the great state of louisiana !
the fake washington post keeps doing phony stories with zero sources that i am concerned with the impeachment scam i am not because i did nothing wrong it is the other side including schiff and his made up story that are concerned witch hunt continues !
greatly help the african american community and all other communities and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it this and best unemployment numbers ever is more than kamala will ever be able to do for african americans !
the ukraine investigation is just as corrupt and fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it even shifty schiff got caught cheating when he made up what i said on the call !
we should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away very bad and dangerous conditions also severely impacting the pacific ocean and water supply pelosi must work on this mess and turn her district around !
had a beautiful dinner last night at camp david in celebration of the 10th wedding anniversary of ivanka and jared attended by a small number of family and friends it could not have been nicer camp david is a special place cost of the event will be totally paid for by me !
thank you  @ foxandfriends ! hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason you will never learn this from the corrupt lamestream media who get pulitzer prizes for reporting the story totally wrong the ones who report it right get only respect !
democrats just announced that they no longer want the whistleblower to testify but everything was about the whistleblower they no longer want the second whistleblower either which they don’t want because the account of my call bore no relationship to the call itself
the entire impeachment scam was based on my perfect ukrainian call and the whistleblowers account of that call which turned out to be false a fraud ? once i released the actual call their entire case fell apart the democrats must end this scam now witch hunt !
to tim :  the button on the iphone was far better than the swipe !
in the basement of the united states capitol ! they cannot win at the ballot box their sham for the past 3 years continues the good  news  is that the american people get it which will be proven once again on november 3 2020 !
turkey fully understands not to fire on the kurds as they leave what will be known as the safe zone for other fairly nearby areas i don’t have to repeat that large scale sanctions will be imposed for violations going well ! isis secured by kurds with turkey ready as backup
usa has gained trillions of dollars in wealth since november 2016 all others way down our power is economic before having to use our newly rebuilt military a much better alternative oil is secured our soldiers have left and are leaving syria for other places then
coming home ! we were supposed to be there for 30 days  that was 10 years ago when these pundit fools who have called the middle east wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal i simply say the oil and we are bringing our soldiers back home isis secured !
another big dropout of the presidential race was along with 0 tim ryan 0  @ repswalwell such talk and bravado from both and nothing to show they stood for nothing and the voters couldn’t stand by them obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end !
where is the whistleblower and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the ukrainian president ? why did the ig allow this to happen ? who is the socalled informant schiff ? who was so inaccurate ? a giant scam !
i really enjoyed my conversation with general  @ mazloumabdi he appreciates what we have done and i appreciate what the kurds have done perhaps it is time for the kurds to start heading to the oil region !
the oil fields discussed in my speech on turkey/kurds yesterday were held by isis until the united states took them over with the help of the kurds we will never let a reconstituted isis have those fields !
thank you to house republicans for being tough smart and understanding in detail the greatest witch hunt in american history it has been going on since long before i even got elected the insurance policy ! a total scam !
the federal reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the rate and even ideally stimulate take a look around the world at our competitors germany and others are  actually getting paid to borrow money fed was way too fast to raise and way too slow to cut !
it is the only thing the do nothing dems are doing ! 
it was wonderful to be back in pittsburgh pennsylvania with the incredible patriots who fuel our factories light up our homes power our industries and fill our hearts with true american pride !  # shaleinsight2019 
it would be really great if the people within the trump administration all wellmeaning and good i hope ! could stop hiring never trumpers who are worse than the do nothing democrats nothing good will ever come from them !
does anybody think this is fair ? even though there was no quid pro quo i’m sure they would like to try worse than the dems !
the never trumper republicans though on respirators with not many left are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our country than the do nothing democrats watch out for them they are human scum !
thank you general mazloum for your kind words and courage please extend my warmest regards to the kurdish people i look forward to seeing you soon  @ mustefabali
republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the house because of what the do nothing democrats have done to our country !
it never ends the do nothing dems are terrible ! 
the democrats scam goes on and on ! they do nothing ! 
the do nothing dems have nothing but time ! 
good  news  seems to be happening with respect to turkey syria and the middle east further reports to come later !
so some day if a democrat becomes president and the republicans win the house even by a tiny margin they can impeach the president without due process or fairness or any legal rights all republicans must remember what they are witnessing here  a lynching but we will win !
congratulations to  @ justintrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory canada is well served i look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries !
thank you john so nice ! 
so interesting that when i announced trump national doral in miami would be used for the hosting of the g7 and then rescinded due to do nothing democrat/fake  news  anger very few in media mentioned that no profits would be taken or would be given free if legally permissible !
this scam going on right now by the democrats against the republican party and me was all about a perfect phone call i had with the ukrainian president he’s already stated no pressure ! where is the whistleblower or the 2nd whistleblower or the “informant ?” all gone
because their socalled story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call was it a corrupt adam schiff con ? why didn’t the ig see this ? when do we depose shifty schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this
the wall is making a very big difference even dems in area are happy ! 
never give up we are doing great ! we are winning ! 
“the president never told me to withhold any money until the ukrainians did anything related to the server the only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about lack of support from other nations and concerns over corruption” yesterday’s mick mulvaney statement
see you there ! 
it is only about this ! 
thank you very much working hard ! 
such a disgrace that the do nothing democrats are doing just as their name suggests doing nothing ! usmca anyone ?
susan rice who was a disaster to president obama as national security advisor is now telling us her opinion on what to do in syria remember red line in the sand ? that was obama millions killed ! no thanks susan you were a disaster
corrupt congressman adam schiff is angry that ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent witch hunt are turning out to be good for me  some really good ! he’s got all meetings locked down no transparency only his illegal leaks a very dishonest sleazebag !
republicans must stick together and fight ! 
think of how many lives we saved in syria and turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday thousands and thousands and maybe many more !
he is also my friend ! at the same time i am pleased to nominate deputy secretary dan brouillette to be the new secretary of energy dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled a total professional i have no doubt that dan will do a great job !
i want to thank secretary of energy rick perry for the outstanding job he has done he will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests rick was a great governor of texas and a great secretary of energy
can you believe i am doing this important work for our country and have to deal with corrupt adam schiff and the do nothing democrats at the same time ? it was not intended to be this way for a president !
just spoke to president  @ rterdogan of turkey he told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated he very much wants the ceasefire or pause to work likewise the kurds want it and the ultimate solution to happen too bad there wasn’t
i have just been notified that some european nations are now willing for the first time to take the isis fighters that came from their nations this is good  news  but should have been done after we captured them anyway big progress being made !
the radical left tolerates no dissent it permits no opposition it accepts no compromise and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the american people they are coming after me because i am fighting for you !  # trumprallydallas  # kag2020 
just arrived at the american airlines center in dallas texas will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in !  # trump2020 
this is a great day for civilization i am proud of the united states for sticking by me in following a necessary but somewhat unconventional path people have been trying to make this “deal” for many years millions of lives will be saved congratulations to all !
this deal could never have been made 3 days ago there needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done great for everybody proud of all !
my warmest condolences to the family and many friends of congressman elijah cummings i got to see first hand the strength passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader his work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard if not impossible to replace !
this is the real story thank you jim ! 
hope all house republicans and honest house democrats will vote to censure rep adam schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating making up a totally phony conversation with the ukraine president and us president me most have never seen such a thing !
years of bad government such a sorry thing to see ! 
“this president is the most patriotic president i’ve seen in many years he is going to do what is good for americans”  congressman brian babin texas thank you brian !
nancy pelosi needs help fast ! there is either something wrong with her “upstairs” or she just plain doesn’t like our great country she had a total meltdown in the white house today it was very sad to watch pray for her she is a very sick person !
do you think they like me ? 
i’m fighting for the american people but the democrats’ sole focus is fighting against me with their fraudulent witch hunt go to 
thank you working hard ! 
republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this impeachment witch hunt no lawyers no questions no transparency ! the good  news  is that the radical left dems have no case it is all based on their fraud and fabrication !
our record economy would crash just like in 1929 if any of those clowns became president !
we now have the greatest economy in history ! 
looks good to me ! 
 it also brings shifty’s fraudulent made up call which he read to the united states congress pretending it to be the words of president trump which they were not ! nancy pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on  @ gma and much more !
the  @ stlouisblues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith when you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give it everything you’ve got victory is always within reach !  # stlblues 
now that we have found out that  @ cnn is a virtual fraud rumor has it that jeff zucker will be resigining momentarily ?
mississippi there is a very important election for governor on november 5th i need you to get out and vote for our great republican nominee  @ tatereeves tate is strong on crime tough on illegal immigration and will protect your second amendment
just out :  median household income is at the highest point ever ever ever ! how about saying it this way in the history of our country ! also more people working today in the usa than at any time in history ! tough numbers for the radical left democrats to beat ! impeach the pres
governor  @ mattbevin has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky ! he continues to protect your very important second amendment matt is strong on crime and the border he loves our great vets and military matt has my complete and total endorsement and always has !
democrats are allowing no transparency at the witch hunt hearings if republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the fake  news  let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom i do not know they are interviewing for 9 hours each not selective leaks
shifty schiff now seems to think they don’t need the whistleblower who started the whole scam the reason is that the whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the transcript also the second whistleblower is no longer even mentioned !
shifty schiff now seems to think they don’t need the whistleblower who started the whole scam the reason is that the whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the transcrpt also the second whistleblower is no longer even mentioned !
the house gone rogue ! i want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the president of the united states  @ marklevinshow 
some people want the united states to protect the 7000 mile away border of syria presided over by bashar alassad our enemy at the same time syria and whoever they chose to help wants naturally to protect the kurds
i would much rather focus on our southern border which abuts and is part of the united states of america and by the way numbers are way down and the wall is being built !
and assad to protect the land of our enemy ? anyone who wants to assist syria in protecting the kurds is good with me whether it is russia china or napoleon bonaparte i hope they all do great we are 7000 miles away !
after defeating 100 of the isis caliphate i largely moved our troops out of syria let syria and assad protect the kurds and fight turkey for their own land i said to my generals why should we be fighting for syria
“to his credit the europeans didn't step up to deal with this isis problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today now angela merkel of germany is finally stepping up and telling turkey to back off
don't the europeans have a lot of responsibility ?”  @ katiepavlich thank you katie i offered isis prisoners to the european countries from where they came and was rejected on numerous occasions they probably figured that the us would bear the tremendous cost as always !
great new book resistance at all costs :  how trump haters are breaking america out by kimberley strassel of the wall street journal kim has treated us fairly and for that i am very appreciative check it out today it is great !
the fox impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect this was announced on friday despite this the corrupt new york times used this poll in one of its stories no mention
wow ! hunter biden is being forced to leave a chinese company now watch the fake  news  wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him only softball questions of him please !
vote for good guy  @ seanspicer tonight on dancing with the stars he has always been there for us !
the same people who got us into the middle east mess are the people who most want to stay there !
brian kilmeade over at  @ foxandfriends got it all wrong we are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years europe had a chance to get their isis prisoners but didn’t want the cost “let the usa pay” they said
kurds may be releasing some to get us involved easily recaptured by turkey or european nations from where many came but they should move quickly big sanctions on turkey coming ! do people really think we should go to war with nato member turkey ? never ending wars will end !
former democrat senator harry reid just stated that donald trump is very smart much more popular than people think is underestimated and will be hard to beat in the 2020 election thank you harry i agree !
adam schiff now doesn’t seem to want the whistleblower to testify no ! must testify to explain why he got my ukraine conversation sooo wrong not even close did schiff tell him to do that ? we must determine the whistleblower’s identity to determine why this was done to the usa
the us has the worst of the isis prisoners turkey and the kurds must not let them escape europe should have taken them back after numerous requests they should do it now they will never come to or be allowed in the united states !
“congressman adam schiff who when seeing the real ukraine phone call transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own ‘i’m going to say this only seven times so you better listen good i want you to make up dirt on my political opponent understand lots of it and
my deal with china is that they will immediately start buying very large quantities of our agricultural product not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks they have already started ! likewise financial services and other deal aspects start preparing
the democrats are going to lose a lot of house seats because of their fraudulent use of impeachment schiff fabricated phone call a crime democrat senate seats will also be put at risk even some that were supposedly safe look at louisiana last night north carolina last week !
we have become a far greater economic power than ever before and we are using that power for world peace !
dealing with  @ lindseygrahamsc and many members of congress including democrats about imposing powerful sanctions on turkey treasury is ready to go additional legislation may be sought there is great consensus on this turkey has asked that it not be done stay tuned !
do you remember two years ago when iraq was going to fight the kurds in a different part of syria many people wanted us to fight with the kurds against iraq who we just fought for i said no and the kurds left the fight twice now the same thing is happening with turkey
the kurds and turkey have been fighting for many years turkey considers the pkk the worst terrorists of all others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other let them ! we are monitoring the situation closely endless wars !
very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the turkish border for a change those that mistakenly got us into the middle east wars are still pushing to fight they have no idea what a bad decision they have made why are they not asking for a declaration of war ?
the media is not talking about the big republican victory last night in louisiana where a sitting democrat governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50 big upset ! now  @ eddierispone who will be a great governor will win !
congratulations to the great state of louisiana a big night you will soon have a new and wonderful governor  @ eddierispone your taxes and car insurance payments will go down !
the same people that got us into the middle east quicksand 8 trillion dollars and many thousands of lives and millions of lives when you count the other side are now fighting to keep us there don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue they have proven to be inept !
that is the real story ! 
so now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest mayor in the history of nyc rudy giuliani he may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer such a one sided witch hunt going on in usa deep state shameful !
louisiana get out and vote republican before going to the big game today a runoff will be a tremendous win for your great state  lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your 2nd amendment ! fantastic being with you last night !
the deal i just made with china is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our great patriot farmers in the history of our country in fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced ? our farmers will figure it out thank you china !
louisiana republicans thank you for a great evening get out tomorrow and vote republican ! send the radical democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to fire your democrat governor john bel edwards and send a great republican to the governor’s mansion ! 
so funny to watch steve kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about china he chocked and looks weak and pathetic don’t want him at the white house !
is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason ? 
congratulations kevin on a job well done ! i will be announcing the new acting secretary next week many wonderful candidates !
kevin mcaleenan has done an outstanding job as acting secretary of homeland security we have worked well together with border crossings being way down kevin now after many years in government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector
a terrible and very dishonest person ! 
so great ! 
one of the great things about the china deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex congressional approval process when the deal is fully negotiated i sign it myself on behalf of our country fast and clean !
good things are happening at china trade talk meeting warmer feelings than in recent past more like the old days i will be meeting with the vice premier today all would like to see something significant happen !
over the next 13 months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul – and we are going to win the great state of minnesota in 2020 !  # trum pm inneapolis  # kag2020 
we defeated 100 of the isis caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by turkey in syria we did our job perfectly ! now turkey is attacking the kurds who have been fighting each other for 200 years
we have one of three choices :  send in thousands of troops and win militarily hit turkey very hard financially and with sanctions or mediate a deal between turkey and the kurds !
big day of negotiations with china they want to make a deal but do meet with the vice premier tomorrow at the white house
thank you to  @ oann one america  news  for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting it is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful voice ! see you tonight at the big rally in minneapolis
turkey has been planning to attack the kurds for a long time they have been fighting forever we have no soldiers or military anywhere near the attack area i am trying to end the endless wars talking to both sides some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to
from the day i announced i was running for president i have never had a good  @ fox news  poll whoever their pollster is they suck but  @ fox news  is also much different than it used to be in the good old days with people like andrew napolitano who wanted to be a supreme
in case the kurds or turkey lose control the united states has already taken the 2 isis militants tied to beheadings in syria known as the beetles out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the us they are the worst of the worst !
impeached for what having created the greatest economy in the history of our country building our strongest ever military cutting taxes too much ? 
a different take ! 
the hardest thing i have to do as president 
so pathetic to see sleepy joe biden who with his son hunter and to the detriment of the american taxpayer has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars calling for my impeachment  and i did nothing wrong joe’s failing campaign gave him no other choice !
only 25 percent want the president impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of fake  news  coverage but pretty high considering the fact that i did nothing wrong it is all just a continuation of the greatest scam and witch hunt in the history of our country !
so why is someone a good or great president if they needed to spy on someone else’s campaign in order to win that didn’t work out so well and if they were unable to fill 142 important federal judgeships a record by far handing them all to me to choose will have 182 soon !
daca stand with all of its negative legal implications the republicans and democrats will have a deal to let them stay in our country in very short order it would actually benefit daca and be done the right way !
president obama said that he did not have the right to sign daca that it will never hold up in court he signed it anyway ! if the supreme court upholds daca it gives the president extraordinary powers far greater than ever thought if they do what is right and do not let
so why is someone a good or great president if they needed to spy on someone else’s campaign in order to win that didn’t work out so well and if they were unable to fill 142 important federal judgeships a record by far handing them all to me to chose will have 182 soon !
true should have never been there in the first place ! 
why doesn’t the icig do something about this scam ? he should have never let it start a dem hoax ! 
so true don and this was a big lie look what happened to friends of trump for less can’t let this pass ! 
but we are now for the first time giving companies a better alternative ! 
great support from gop in fighting the radical left do nothing democrats ! 
they don’t have a clue but i do the usa is doing great despite the fed ! 
the socalled whistleblower before knowing i was going to release the exact transcript stated that my call with the ukrainian president was “crazy frightening and completely lacking in substance related to national security” this is a very big lie read the transcript !
no pressure at all said ukraine ! very congenial a perfect call the whistleblower and others spoke before seeing the transcript now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment !
the do nothing democrats are con artists only looking to hurt the republican party and president their total focus is 2020 nothing more and nothing less the good  news  is that we will win !
the united states has spent eight trillion dollars fighting and policing in the middle east thousands of our great soldiers have died or been badly wounded millions of people have died on the other side going into the middle east is the worst decision ever made
fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years usa should never have been in middle east moved our 50 soldiers out turkey must take over captured isis fighters that europe refused to have returned the stupid endless wars for us are ending ! 
so make all member countries pay not just the united states ! 
he should be impeached for fraud ! 
the whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the ukrainian president and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a democrat candidate that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly this is no whistleblower
the whistleblower’s lawyer is a big democrat the whistleblower has ties to one of my democrat opponents why does the icig allow this scam to continue ?
a total scam by the do nothing democrats for the good of the country this wirch hunt should end now ! 
the greatest witch hunt in the history of the usa ! 
gasoline prices in the state of california are much higher than anywhere else in the nation $250 vs $450 i guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick ! don’t worry california relief is on the way the state doesn’t get it !
big rally in louisiana on friday night must force a runoff with a liberal democrat governor john bel edwards who has let your taxes and car insurance get too high and will never protect your 2nd amendment vote for one of our two great republicans on saturday force a runoff !
if there is a runoff in louisiana you will have a great new republican governor who will cut your taxes and car insurance and do a fabulous job for you and your family vote republican the party of honest abe lincoln !
this is just the beginning thank you to  @ byronyork ! 
the us border is secure ! 
in fact the “cops for trump” tshirt web site crashed because of incredible volume but is now back up and running proceeds go to the police union charities see you on thursday night in minneapolis !
hasn’t adam schiff been fully discredited by now ? do we have to continue listening to his lies ?
thank you to lt bob kroll of the great minneapolis police department for your kind words on  @ foxandfriends the police are fighting the radical left mayor and his ridiculous uniform ban actually i love the cops for trump shirts want to bring some home i am with you 100 !
i would love to send ambassador sondland a really good man and great american to testify but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court where republican’s rights have been taken away and true facts are not allowed out for the public
understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of syria and they have been removed any unforced or unnecessary fighting by turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency we are helping the kurds financially/weapons !
we may be in the process of leaving syria but in no way have we abandoned the kurds who are special people and wonderful fighters likewise our relationship with turkey a nato and trading partner has been very good turkey already has a large kurdish population and fully
good health at my request pastor brunson who had many years of a long prison term remaining also remember and importantly that turkey is an important member in good standing of nato he is coming to the us as my guest on november 13th  # endendlesswars
so many people conveniently forget that turkey is a big trading partner of the united states in fact they make the structural steel frame for our f35 fighter jet they have also been good to deal with helping me to save many lives at idlib province and returning in very
as i have stated strongly before and just to reiterate if turkey does anything that i in my great and unmatched wisdom consider to be off limits i will totally destroy and obliterate the economy of turkey i’ve done before ! they must with europe and others watch over
the captured isis fighters and families the us has done far more than anyone could have ever expected including the capture of 100 of the isis caliphate it is time now for others in the region some of great wealth to protect their own territory the usa is great !
the radical left democrats have failed on all fronts so now they are pushing local new york city and state democrat prosecutors to go get president trump a thing like this has never happened to any president before not even close !
“incomes much higher under trump than bush obama”  @ foxandfriends and almost everything else is better also except i am driving the deep state and the radical left do nothing democrats crazy !
we just won the big court case on net neutrality rules ! a great win for the future and speed of the internet will lead to many big things including 5g congratulations to the fcc and its chairman ajit pai !
figure the situation out and what they want to do with the captured isis fighters in their “neighborhood” they all hate isis have been enemies for years we are 7000 miles away and will crush isis again if they come anywhere near us !
almost 3 years but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous endless wars many of them tribal and bring our soldiers home we will fight where it is to our benefit and only fight to win turkey europe syria iran iraq russia and the kurds will now have to
including capturing thousands of isis fighters mostly from europe but europe did not want them back they said you keep them usa ! i said “no we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in us prisons at tremendous cost they are yours for trials” they
again said “no” thinking as usual that the us is always the “sucker” on nato on trade on everything the kurds fought with us but were paid massive amounts of money and equi pm ent to do so they have been fighting turkey for decades i held off this fight for
the united states was supposed to be in syria for 30 days that was many years ago we stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight when i arrived in washington isis was running rampant in the area we quickly defeated 100 of the isis caliphate
this makes nervous nancy every bit as guilty as liddle’ adam schiff for high crimes and misdemeanors and even treason i guess that means that they along with all of those that evilly “colluded” with them must all be immediately impeached !
 @ 60minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the usa to the tune of 28 billion dollars for the last two years paid for out of tariffs paid to the united states by china for targeting the farmer they devalued their currency therefore paying the cost !
unemployment rate just dropped to 35 the lowest in more that 50 years is that an impeachable event for your president ?
sleepy eyes chuck todd of “meet the press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected senator  @ ronjohnsonwi seems that a not very bright chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible i did nothing wrong !
good job i must say by bob woodward on “deface the nation” the cbs no name hostess and other guest peter baker of the failing new york times were totally biased boring and wrong as usual but woodward was cool calm and interesting thank you bob !
will be in minnesota on thursday night massive response crowd and enthusiasm actually all over the country will be beyond belief ! same thing in louisiana on friday big and bold usa !
the biden family was paid off pure and simple ! the fake  news  must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable sleepy joe said he never spoke to the ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and hunter
it is incredible to watch and read the fake  news  and how they pull out all stops to protect sleepy joe biden and his thrown out of the military son hunter who was handed $100000 a month plusplus from a ukrainian based company even though he had no experience in energy
the democrats are lucky that they don’t have any mitt romney types they may be lousy politicians with really bad policies open borders sanctuary cities etc but they stick together !
the do nothing democrats are being exposed ! 
the great scam is being revealed ! 
the first socalled second hand information “whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong so now word is they are going to the bench and another “whistleblower” is coming in from the deep state also with second hand info meet with shifty keep them coming !
schiff and the do nothing dems have lost all credibilitybut the corrupt media is working hard to keep them in the game ! 
mitt get off the stage you’ve had your turn twice ! 
i’m hearing that the great people of utah are considering their vote for their pompous senator mitt romney to be a big mistake i agree ! he is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the do nothing democrats !  # impeachmittromney
not only are the do nothing democrats interfering in the 2020 election but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 election they must be stopped !
mitt romney never knew how to win he is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning except when he begged me for my endorsement for his senate run i gave it to him and when he begged me to be secretary of state i didn’t give it to him he is so bad for r’s !
somebody please wake up mitt romney and tell him that my conversation with the ukrainian president was a congenial and very appropriate one and my statement on china pertained to corruption not politics if mitt worked this hard on obama he could have won sadly he choked !
the socalled whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off” not even close schiff and pelosi never thought i would release the transcript of the call got them by surprise they got caught this is a fraud against the american people !
where is the lamestream media on this ? 
thanks jim would be great to just run our country ! 
it to congress and the american people as though it was the statement of the president of the united states me he did it to fool congress and the public in order to make me look bad he is a sick puppy !
under my administration medicare advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years we are providing great healthcare to our seniors we cannot let the radical socialists take that away through medicare for all !
wow this is big stuff ! 
“when your making an unsubstantiated statement that the president is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement the ambassador put a dagger in the heart of schiffs fairytale”  rep lee zeldin
the whistleblower who had the facts wrong about the phone call reached out and more to the democrat controlled house intelligence committee schiff never told us about this !
as president i have an obligation to end corruption even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries it is done all the time this has nothing to do with politics or a political campaign against the bidens this does have to do with their corruption !
this isn’t about a campaign this is about corruption on a massive scale ! 
we are simultaneously fighting the fake  news  media and their partner the democrat party always tough to beat the “press” but people are beginning to see how totally corrupt they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier !
the do nothing democrats don’t have time to get it done ! 
another big loss for the do nothing dems ! 
as the president of the united states i have an absolute right perhaps even a duty to investigate or have investigated corruption and that would include asking or suggesting other countries to help us out !
the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country ! 
today at the villages in florida it was my great honor to sign an executive order on protecting and improving medicare for our nation’s seniors today’s action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the american people ! 
there wasn’t anything said wrong in my conversation with the ukrainian president this is a democrat scam !
great time at the villages in florida today sorry we couldn’t get everybody in i will be back soon ! 
95 approval rating in the republican party and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks thank you !
leader mccarthy we look forward to you soon becoming speaker of the house the do nothing dems don’t have a chance ! 
fake  news  just like the snakes and gators in the moat the media is deranged they have lost their minds ! 
schiff is a lying disaster for our country he should resign ! 
the republican party has never had such support ! 
book is doing really well a study in unfairness to a potentially great justice ! 
a great book by a brilliant author buy it now ! 
keep up the great work kellie ! 
the us won a $75 billion award from the world trade organization against the european union who has for many years treated the usa very badly on trade due to tariffs trade barriers and more this case going on for years a nice victory !
mississippi there is a very important election for governor on november 5th i need you to get out and vote for our great republican nominee  @ tatereeves tate is strong on crime tough on illegal immigration and will protect your second amendment
the do nothing democrats should be focused on building up our country not wasting everyone’s time and energy on bullshit which is what they have been doing ever since i got overwhelmingly elected in 2016 223306 get a better candidate this time you’ll need it !
adam schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains honor and strength of secretary of state mike pompeo for a lowlife like schiff who completely fabricated my words and read them to congress as though they were said by me to demean a first in class at west point is sad !
democrats are trying to undo the election regardless of facts ! 
all of this impeachment nonsense which is going nowhere is driving the stock market and your 401k’s down but that is exactly what the democrats want to do they are willing to hurt the country with only the 2020 election in mind !
now the press is trying to sell the fact that i wanted a moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our southern border i may be tough on border security but not that tough the press has gone crazy fake  news  !
now the press is trying to sell the fact that i wanted a moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our southern border i may be tough on border security but not that tough the press has gone crazy fake  news  !
all the do nothing democrats are focused on is impeaching the president for having a very good conversation with the ukrainian president i knew that many people were listening even have a transcript they have been at this “stuff” from the day i got elected bad for country !
congressman adam schiff should resign for the crime of after reading a transcript of my conversation with the president of ukraine it was perfect fraudulently fabricating a statement of the president of the united states and reading it to congress as though mine ! he is sick !
massive sections of the wall are being built at our southern border it is going up rapidly and built to the highest standards and specifications of the border patrol experts it is actually an amazing structure ! our us military is doing a great job
i won the right to be a presidential candidate in california in a major court decision handed down yesterday it was filed against me by the radical left governor of that state to tremendous media hoopla the victory however was barely covered by the fake  news  no surprise !
louisiana republicans must go out and vote republican in your governor’s race a republican will win if you can force a runoff ! early voting has started your 2nd amendment and much else is at stake
the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country ! 
as i learn more and more each day i am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment it is a coup intended to take away the power of the
people their vote their freedoms their second amendment religion military border wall and their godgiven rights as a citizen of the united states of america !
republicans of louisiana it is really important for you to go out and vote on october 12th for either eddie rispone or ralph abraham both great which will lead to a runoff against
why isn’t congressman adam schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to congress as if this statement which was very dishonest and bad for me was directly made by the president of the united states ? this should never be allowed !
as i predicted jay powell and the federal reserve have allowed the dollar to get so strong especially relative to all other currencies that our manufacturers are being negatively affected fed rate too high they are their own worst enemies they don’t have a clue pathetic !
the whistleblower and also the person who gave all of the false information to him this is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer warmer or better no pressure at all as confirmed by  ukrainian pres it is just another democrat hoax !
great job just in time ! 
the corrupt media refuses to cover this ! 
today i was proud to sign the autism cares bill ! we support research for americans with autism and their families you are not forgotten we are fighting for you ! 
great  news  !  @ apple announced that it is building its new mac pro in texas this means hundreds of american jobs in austin and for suppliers across the country congratulations to the apple team and their workers ! 
the fake  news  media wants to stay as far away as possible from the ukraine and china deals made by the bidens a corrupt media is so bad for our country ! in actuality the media may be even more corrupt than the bidens which is hard to do !
very simple ! i was looking for corruption and also why germany france and others in the european union don’t do more for ukraine why is it always the usa that does so much and puts up so much money for ukraine and other countries ? by the way the bidens were corrupt !
“president trump’s job approval numbers have just reached the highest level since his inauguration around 50 and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote once they saw the president’s numbers going up they said ‘we gotta do something’ so
again the president of ukraine said there was no zero pressure put on him by me case closed !
again the president of the ukraine said there was no zero pressure put on him by me end of case !
place in trade it’s taking shape in military competition” johnathan ward author and china expert we are winning and we will win they should not have broken the deal we had with them happy birthday china !
the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country !
if the democrats are successful in removing the president from office which they will never be it will cause a civil war like fracture in this nation from which our country will never heal” pastor robert jeffress  @ fox news 
rid of donald j trump  and the democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process i have never seen the evangelical christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this president from office overturn the 2016
election and negate the votes of millions of evangelicals in the process they know the only impeachable offense that president trump has committed was beating hillary clinton in 2016 that’s the unpardonable sin for which the democrats will never forgive him
“nancy pelosi and the democrats can’t put down the impeachment match they know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against hillary clinton and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020 and impeachment is the only tool they have to get
“all that’s swirling around us now is impeachment we talk about it day and night it’s what’s on the  news  there is nothing that has turned up that is impeachable our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare we need to get good stuff done let the people vote
like every american i deserve to meet my accuser especially when this accuser the socalled “whistleblower” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way then schiff made up what i actually said by lying to congress
wishing a happy new year to all of those celebrating rosh hashanah in america israel and around the world ! 
it is disgraceful what the do nothing democrats are doing the impeachment scam but it is also disgraceful what they are not doing namely the usmca vote prescription drug price reduction gun safety infrastructure and much more !
wow they got caught end the witch hunt now ! 
the conversation with the new and very good ukraine president who told the fake  news  at the united nations that he was not pressured by me in any way shape or form should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent witch hunt others ended in ashes !
they are trying to stop me because i am fighting for you ! 
make america great again !
can you imagine if these do nothing democrat savages people like nadler schiff aoc plus 3 and many more had a republican party who would have done to obama what the do nothings are doing to me oh well maybe next time !
voter id is the best way go for it doug ! 
if that perfect phone call with the president of ukraine isn’t considered appropriate then no future president can ever again speak to another foreign leader !
sounding more and more like the socalled whistleblower isn’t a whistleblower at all in addition all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else a leaker or spy feeding it to him or her ? a partisan operative ?
the democrats are now to be known as the do nothing party !
rep adam schiff totally made up my conversation with ukraine president and read it to congress and millions he must resign and be investigated he has been doing this for two years he is a sick man !
iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet i said of course no !
rep adam schiff fraudulently read to congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the president of ukraine that doesn’t exist he was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it
sound horrible and me sound guilty he was desperate and he got caught adam schiff therefore lied to congress and attempted to defraud the american public he has been doing this for two years i am calling for him to immediately resign from congress based on this fraud !
sound horrible an me sound guilty he was desperate and he got caught adam schiff therefore lied to congress and attempted to defraud the american public he has been doing this for two years i am calling for him to immediately resign from congress based on this fraud !
rep adam schiff fraudulently read to congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the president of ukraine that doesn’t exist he was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it
nice call with with the new president of ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the fake  news  media and democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad it wasn’t bad it was very legal and very good a continuing witch hunt !
obama loving wrote obama book peter baker of the failing new york times married to an even bigger trump hater than himself should not even be allowed to write about me every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist i had a simple and very
so many lies by sleepy joe and the do nothing democrats ! 
the president of ukraine said that he was not pressured by me to do anything wrong can’t have better testimony than that ! as vp biden had his son on the other hand take out millions of dollars by strong arming the ukrainian president also looted millions from china bad !
no one has done more behind the scenes for strong border security than  @ sencapito her bill passed committee today with $5b for the border wall west virginia is a great state and shelley gets it done keep it up !
congratulations to my friend  @ senshelby our powerful appropriations chairman for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military invest in border security and many other priorities good work and keep fighting you are winning !
liddle’ adam schiff who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the republican party and president has just said that the whistleblower even though he or she only had second hand information “is credible” how can that be with zero info and a known bias democrat scam !
a whistleblower with second hand information ? another fake  news  story ! see what was said on the very nice no pressure call another witch hunt !
that and many other reasons is why republicans will win north carolina ! 
the democrats are trying to destroy the republican party and all that it stands for stick together play their game and fight hard republicans our country is at stake !
the greatest scam in the history of american politics !
if they actually did this the markets would crash do you think it was luck that got us to the best stock market and economy in our history it wasn’t ! 
so bad for our country ! 
so cute ! her father is under siege for no reason since his first day in office ! 
one of our best fundraising days ever ! 
so true but it will never work ! 
i have informed  @ gopleader kevin mccarthy and all republicans in the house that i fully support transparency on socalled whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from joe biden and his son hunter on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily
taken out of ukraine and china additionally i demand transparency from democrats that went to ukraine and attempted to force the new president to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat
will the democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the ukrainian president ? they should a perfect call  got them by surprise !
“the democrats have been talking about impeaching donald trump since before he was inaugurated”  @ stevedoocy   @ foxandfriends  and for no reason other than the great success we are having with the economy the military vets tax and regulation cuts healthcare and so much more !
there has been no president in the history of our country who has been treated so badly as i have the democrats are frozen with hatred and fear they get nothing done this should never be allowed to happen to another president witch hunt !
great new book by the brilliant andrew mccarthy ball of collusion the plot to rig an election and destroy a presidency get it and some other great new books which i will soon be recommending they tell you about the crooked pols and the witch hunt that has now been exposed !
they dems are scrambling for a theme and narrative they've gone everywhere from russian hoax to russian collusionand now they've come to thisthey think they should have won the 2016 election they think in their bizarre brains that they did 
secretary of state pompeo recieved permission from ukraine government to release the transcript of the telephone call i had with their president they don’t know either what the big deal is a total witch hunt scam by the democrats !
they never even saw the transcript of the call a total witch hunt !
such an important day at the united nations so much work and so much success and the democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking  news  witch hunt garbage so bad for our country !
the democrats are so focused on hurting the republican party and the president that they are unable to get anything done because of it including legislation on gun safety lowering of prescription drug prices infrastructure etc so bad for our country !
you will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call no pressure and unlike joe biden and his son no quid pro quo ! this is nothing more than a continuation of the greatest and most destructive witch hunt of all time !
i am currently at the united nations representing our country but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with president zelensky of ukraine
hopefully they will work it out and quickly ! 
she seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future so nice to see ! 
thank you working hard ! 
this is the real corruption that the fake  news  media refuses to even acknowledge ! 
just leaving the great state of ohio for new york and a few big days at the united nations your country will be well represented !
justice kavanaugh should sue the failing new york times for all they are worth !
look forward to being with our great india loving community ! 
will be in houston to be with my friend will be a great day in texas ! 
i go along with joe ! 
“go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates or negative rates the president wants to be competitive with these other countries on this but i don’t think he’ll fire jay powell even if i should !” we should always be paying less interest than others !
the fake  news  media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts they even make up sources in order to protect their partners the democrats it is so wrong but they don’t even care anymore they have gone totally crazy !
the lamestream media had a very bad week they pushed numerous phony stories and got caught especially the failing new york times which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history and the amazon washington post they are the enemy of the people !
“ukraine foreign minister disputes reports of any pressure from trump this conversation was long friendly and it touched on many questions”  @ nbc news   correct if your looking for something done wrong just look at the tape of sleepy joe he is being protected by the media !
“it appears that an american spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president the complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on trump’s conversation
with a foreign leader was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in ?”  @ greggjarrett
some of the best economic numbers our country has ever experienced are happening right now this is despite a crooked and demented deep state and a probably illegal democrat/fake  news  media partnership the likes of which the world has never seen make america great again !
now that the democrats and the fake  news  media have gone “bust” on every other of their witch hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the ukraine witch hunt while at the same time trying to protect sleepy joe biden will fail again !
this is the real and only story ! 
story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation i had with the new president of the ukraine nothing was said that was in any way wrong but biden’s demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster the fake  news  knows this but doesn’t want to report !
the fake  news  media and their partner the democrat party want to stay as far away as possible from the joe biden demand that the ukrainian government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they won’t get a very large amount of us money so they fabricate a
rachel camposduffy has written a wonderful book for children “paloma wants to be lady freedom” she and her husband sean duffy have done so much for our country buy this book  great for the kids ! 
thank you working hard ! 
statement strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation that they would not have also come forward do you know the reason why they did not ? because there was nothing said wrong it was pitch perfect !
“the us economy is the envy of the world as europe and asia slide ever toward recession but the left is trying to avoid talking about the trump economy”  @ ingrahamangle  the best is yet to come
great  news   @ mariabartiromo just renewed her deal with fox i don’t care how much they paid her they got a beautiful bargain congratulations to both !
because of my administration drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the american people need congress to help i like sen grassley’s drug pricing bill very much and it’s great to see speaker pelosi’s bill today let’s get it done in a bipartisan way !
another fake  news  story out there  it never ends ! virtually anytime i speak on the phone to a foreign leader i understand that there may be many people listening from various us agencies not to mention those from the other country itself no problem !
knowing all of this is anybody dumb enough to believe that i would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call i would only do what is right anyway and only do good for the usa !
all polls and some brand new polls show very little support for impeachment such a waste of time especially with sooo much good that could be done including prescription drug price reduction healthcare infrastructure etc
far safer and much less expensive many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard meaning significantly more jobs jobs jobs ! automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to california you will be out of business
the trump administration is revoking california’s federal waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer while at the same time making the cars substantially safer this will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety
 advantage and also due to the fact that older highly polluting cars will be replaced by new extremely environmentally friendly cars there will be very little difference in emissions between the california standard and the new us standard but the cars will be
i have just instructed the secretary of the treasury to substantially increase sanctions on the country of iran !
so nice that our country is now energy independent the usa is in better shape than ever before strongest military by far biggest economy no longer even close number one in energy ! maga  kag !
dummy beto made it much harder to make a deal convinced many that dems just want to take your guns away will continue forward ! 
no lindsey it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand ! 
the new york times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence justice brett kavanaugh it wasn’t the editor the times knew everything they are sick and desperate losing in so many ways !
the new york times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history not only is it losing a lot of money but it is a journalistic disaster being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves it has become a very sad joke all all over the world witch hunt hurt them
she can never recover and will never return to greatness under current management the times is dead long live the new york times !
i call for the resignation of everybody at the new york times involved in the kavanaugh smear story and while you’re at it the russian witch hunt hoax which is just as phony ! they’ve taken the old grey lady and broken her down destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation
“how many stories are wrong ? almost all of the stories the new york times has done are inaccurate and wrong”  @ greggutfeld  the new york times should close its doors and throw away the keys the women mentioned in the kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event
big crowd expected in new mexico tonight where we will win your border wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours ! 
they failed on the mueller report they failed on robert mueller’s testimony they failed on everything else so now the democrats are trying to build a case that i enrich myself by being president good idea except i will and have always expected to lose billions of dollars
for the privilege of being your president  and doing the best job that has been done in many decades i am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening or filling up a gas tank at an airport i do not own these radical left democrats are crazy ! obama netflix ?
“democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done” governor john sununu  @ fox news   @ billhemmer the big questions are will they “move the goalposts” and is this just a ploy to take your guns away ? i hope not on both counts but i’ll be able to figure it out !
remember when iran shot down a drone saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when in fact it was nowhere close they stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on saudi arabia we’ll see ?
just out :  “kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident”  @ foxandfriends  do you believe what these horrible people will do or say they are looking to destroy and influence his opinions  but played the game badly they should be sued !
“what’s happening to justice kavanaugh is a disgrace this guy is not a good man he is a great man he has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him a disgrace !” dan bongino  @ foxandfriends
house judiciary has given up on the mueller report sadly for them after two years and $40000000 spent  zero collusion zero obstruction so they say ok lets look at everything else and all of the deals that “trump” has done over his lifetime but it doesn’t
work that way i have a better idea look at the obama book deal or the ridiculous netflix deal then look at all the deals made by the dems in congress the “congressional slush fund” and lastly the ig reports take a look at them those investigations would be over fast !
the fake  news  is saying that i am willing to meet with iran “no conditions” that is an incorrect statement as usual !
here we go again with general motors and the united auto workers get together and make a deal !
saudi arabia oil supply was attacked there is reason to believe that we know the culprit are locked and loaded depending on verification but are waiting to hear from the kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack and under what terms we would proceed !
sufficient to keep the markets wellsupplied i have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in texas and various other states
based on the attack on saudi arabia which may have an impact on oil prices i have authorized the release of oil from the strategic petroleum reserve if needed in a tobedetermined amount
then on top of it all kathleen parker of all people wrote “in case you were wondering trump won the debate” true but what is going on at the  @ washingtonpost ? not fake  news  !
i am fighting the fake corrupt  news  the deep state the democrats and the few remaining republicans in name only rinos who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation with the help of some truly great republicans and others we are winning big 150th federal judge this week !
brett kavanaugh should start suing people for libel or the justice department should come to his rescue the lies being told about him are unbelievable false accusations without recrimination when does it stop ? they are trying to influence his opinions can’t let that happen !
brett kavanaugh should start suing people for liable or the justice department should come to his rescue the lies being told about him are unbelievable false accusations without recrimination when does it stop ? they are trying to influence his opinions can’t let that happen !
now the radical left democrats and their partner the lamestream media are after brett kavanaugh again talking loudly of their favorite word impeachment he is an innocent man who has been treated horribly such lies about him they want to scare him into turning liberal !
all based on nothing ! the dems can’t get anything positive done and probably don’t want to 
that is true and the usa is winning again ! 
the taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now killing 12 people including one great american soldier was not a good idea there are much better ways to set up a negotiation the taliban knows they made a big mistake and they have no idea how to recover !
i had a call today with prime minister netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a mutual defense treaty between the united states and israel that would further anchor the tremendous alliance
between our two countries i look forward to continuing those discussions after the israeli elections when we meet at the united nations later this month !
make america great again !
94 approval rating in the republican party ! tuesday night in the great state of north carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct
who the hell is joyann reid ? never met her she knows zero about me has no talent and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz had a bad reputation and now works for the comcast/nbc losers making up phony stories about me low ratings fake  news  !
while i like the vaping alternative to cigarettes we need to make sure this alternative is safe for all ! let’s get counterfeits off the market and keep young children from vaping !
great  news  about the work we are doing on illegal immigration ! 
the two big congressional wins in north carolina on tuesday dan bishop and greg murphy have reverberated all over the world they showed a lot of people how strong the republican party is and how well it is doing 2020 is a big and very important election we will win !
very stupidly negotiated trade deals and illegal immigration are a tremendous cost and burden to our country they are both coming along very well and someday in the not too distant future america will see a very positive change remember america first !
illegal immigration costs the usa over 300 billion dollars a year there is no reason for this and things are being set in motion to have this number come way down democrats could end loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier and faster but it will all happen anyway !
in fact my views on venezuela and especially cuba were far stronger than those of john bolton he was holding me back ! 
some really big court wins on the border lately !
it is expected that china will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products !
european central bank acting quickly cuts rates 10 basis points they are trying and succeeding in depreciating the euro against the very strong dollar hurting us exports and the fed sits and sits and sits they get paid to borrow money while we are paying interest !
the wall is going up very fast despite total obstruction by democrats in congress and elsewhere ! 
the wall is being built after victories against the democrats in various courts ! 
the southern border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by democrats not agreeing to do anything on loopholes or asylum !
at the request of the vice premier of china liu he and due to the fact that the people's republic of china will be celebrating their 70th anniversary
today and every day we pledge to honor our history to treasure our liberty to uplift our communities to live up to our values to prove worthy of our heroes and above all to never forget  # honor911 
leaving the white house soon to speak at the pentagon my great honor !
if it weren’t for the never ending fake  news  about me and with all that i have done more than any other president in the first 2 1/2 years ! i would be leading the “partners” of the lamestream media by 20 points sorry but true !
in a hypothetical poll done by one of the worst pollsters of them all the amazon washington post/abc which predicted i would lose to crooked hillary by 15 points how did that work out ? sleepy joe pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the general election
the federal reserve should get our interest rates down to zero or less and we should then start to refinance our debt interest cost could be brought way down while at the same time substantially lengthening the term we have the great currency power and balance sheet
the usa should always be paying the the lowest rate no inflation ! it is only the naïveté of jay powell and the federal reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing a once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “boneheads”
big night for the republican party congratulations to all !
senator ben sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of nebraska he is great with our vets the military and your very important second amendment strong on crime and the border ben has my complete and total endorsement !
i am pleased to endorse governor mike parson of missouri he is very popular strong and knows what he is doing – he gets it ! based on the fact that mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for governor mike parson has my complete and total endorsement !
i asked john for his resignation which was given to me this morning i thank john very much for his service i will be naming a new national security advisor next week
i informed john bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the white house i disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions as did others in the administration and therefore
vote today for dan bishop will be great for north carolina and our country !
one of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the fake and corrupt  news  media is the phony polling information they put out many of these polls are fixed or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad internal polling looks great the best ever !
abc/washington post poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 election when my lawyers protested they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by election day it was a fake poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets sad !
great job by the us coast guard ! 
to every one of the heroes we recognized today — thank you and god bless you all ! 
we have been serving as policemen in afghanistan and that was not meant to be the job of our great soldiers the finest on earth over the last four days we have been hitting our enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years !
the economy where there is no recession much to the regret of the lamestream media ! they are working overtime to help the democrats win in 2020 but that will never happen americans are too smart !
the look of turmoil in the white house of which there is none i view much of the media as simply an arm of the democrat party they are corrupt and they are extremely upset at how well our country is doing under my leadership including
a lot of fake  news  is being reported that i overruled the vp and various advisers on a potential camp david meeting with the taliban this story is false ! i always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case i decided not to the dishonest media likes to create
the trump administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our country we get zero media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important !
i had nothing to do with the decision of our great  @ vp mike pence to stay overnight at one of the trump owned resorts in doonbeg ireland mike’s family has lived in doonbeg for many years and he thought that during his very busy european visit he would stop and see his family !
i know nothing about an air force plane landing at an airport which i do not own and have nothing to do with near turnberry resort which i do own in scotland and filling up with fuel with the crew staying overnight at turnberry they have good taste ! nothing to do with me
the trump administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our country we get zero media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important !
that this administration has done they don’t talk about the great economy the big tax and regulation cuts the rebuilding of the military “choice” at our va our vets judges and supreme court justices the border wall going up lowest crime numbers 2nd a and so much more !
as bad as  @ cnn is comcast msnbc is worse their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility i believe their stories about me are not 93 negative but actually 100 negative they are incapable of saying anything positive despite all of the great things
house republicans should allow chairs of committees to remain for longer than 6 years it forces great people and real leaders to leave after serving the dems have unlimited terms while that has its own problems it is a better way to go fewer people in the end will leave !
but then he ran for congress and won only to lose his reelect after i tweeted my endorsement on election day for his opponent but now take heart he is back and running for president of the united states the three stooges all badly failed candidates will give it a go !
when the former governor of the great state of south carolina  @ marksanford was reported missing only to then say he was away hiking on the appalachian trail then was found in argentina with his flaming dancer friend it sounded like his political career was over it was
musician  @ johnlegend and his filthy mouthed wife are talking now about how great it is  but i didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed “anchor” @ lesterholtnbc doesn’t even bring up the subject of president trump or the republicans when talking about
the importance or passage of criminal justice reform they only talk about the minor players or people that had nothing to do with itand the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed all they talk about now is impeaching president trump !
looking forward to being in the north carolina tomorrow night we’re having a big rally for a great guy dan bishop strong on crime borders your military and our vets we need dan bishop in washington badly his opponent is weak on crime borders and against your 2nd a
we are building the wall 
an attack in kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers and 11 other people i immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations what kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position ? they didn’t they
only made it worse ! if they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks and would even kill 12 innocent people then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway how many more decades are they willing to fight ?
unbeknownst to almost everyone the major taliban leaders and separately the president of afghanistan were going to secretly meet with me at camp david on sunday they were coming to the united states tonight unfortunately in order to build false leverage they admitted to
the failing new york times stated in an article written by obama flunky peter baker who lovingly wrote obama book”even after the president forecast the storm to include alabama” this is not true i said very early on that it may even hit alabama a big difference
our economy is doing great ! 
thank you katie the us is doing great ! 
russia and ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners very good  news  perhaps a first giant step to peace congratulations to both countries !
“in 22 years of patrolling our southern border i have never seen mexico act like a true border security partner until president trump got involved and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do” brandon judd national border patrol
i would also like to thank “papa” doug manchester hopefully the next ambassador to the bahamas for the incredible amount of time money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the bahamas much work to be done by the bahamian government we will help !  @ oann
china just enacted a major stimulus plan with all the tariffs they are paying to the usa billions and billions of dollars they need it ! in the meantime our federal reserve sits back and does nothing !
that were not hit – and that are in good condition any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing etc i am sure would be appreciated !
the  @ uscg  @ fema and all others along with other countries that have been helping have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the bahamas to other sections of the bahamas
the economy is great the only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the fake  news  !
great job by fema law enforcement first responders us coast guard and all ! keep going we all appreciate what you are doing !
partner should start playing it straight it would be so much better for our country !
this nonsense has never happened to another president four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology but there are many things that the fake  news  media has not apologized to me for like the witch hunt or spygate ! the lamestream media and their democrat
congratulations to  @ edhenry and his sister on a great success what a wonderful thing to do !
i agree with  @ jimcramer the fed should lower rates they were way too early to raise and way too late to cut  and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either where did i find this guy jerome ? oh well you can’t win them all !
daca will be going before the supreme court it is a document that even president obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign  he signed it anyway ! rest assured that if the sc does what all say it must based on the law a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all !
have the discretion to end the program that president obama began in his discretion that program was unlawful to begin with i think it’s very unlikely that the scotus is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program daca is unlawful” 
president obama never had the legal right to sign daca and he indicated so at the time of signing but in any event how can he have the right to sign and i don’t have the right to “unsigned” totally illegal document which would actually give the president new powers
“i think president trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening i mean look at the joblessness report today what i’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is i think the chinese need it a deal more than we do it’s statistical i just think
that our economy is very strong if the fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be then i really wouldn’t worry about a recession”  @ jimcramer  @ joesquawk
just got off the phone with governor brian kemp  @ govkemp of georgia happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone i stand by ready to assist along with our great team at  @ fema – we’re with you all the way !
just spoke to governor  @ henrymcmaster of south carolina regarding hurricane dorian i informed henry that we are monitoring south carolina and stand by ready to assist be safe everyone we are totally with you !
just talked to governor roy cooper of north carolina as hurricane dorian ominously comes up the east coast we are monitoring it at the  @ whitehouse ready to assist via our great team over at  @ fema who are already on site we are with you all the way north carolina be safe !
i was with you all the way alabama the fake  news  media was not ! 
just as i said alabama was originally projected to be hit the fake  news  denies it ! 
after almost 3 years in my administration jason greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer
his dedication to israel and to seeking peace between israel and the palestinians won’t be forgotten he will be missed thank you jason !
alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then hurricane dorian took a different path up along the east coast the fake  news  knows this very well that’s why they’re the fake  news  !
said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television will fake  news  nbc allow a mccarthy style racist to continue ? abc fired roseanne watch the double standard !
instead it turned north and went up the coast where it continues now in the one model through florida the great state of alabama would have been hit or grazed in the path it took no read my full fema statement what i said was accurate ! all fake  news  in order to demean !
facts and that should terrify every american regardless of their political stripe the idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that
this was the originally projected path of the hurricane in its early stages as you can see almost all models predicted it to go through florida also hitting georgia and alabama i accept the fake  news  apologies ! 
trump is doing to china is not lost on the rest of the world europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever they’re sitting there and saying gee are we next ? maybe you are ! we’ve got to change the rules the us can’t defend the world and pay for it
we can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs don’t keep ducking the reality the us has been subject to tariff terrorism for 50 years but a real deal can be done” sam zell  @ joesquawk
“the chinese are very adept at not accepting anything you’ve got to be very tough and that’s what trump is doing it’s in china’s interest to correct and i think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today frankly i think the impact of what
we can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs don’t keep ducking the reality the us has been subject to tariff terrorism for 50 years but a real deal can be done” sam zell  @ joekernencnbc
“the chinese are very adept at not accepting anything you’ve got to be very tough and that’s what trump is doing it’s in china’s interest to correct and i think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today frankly i think the impact of what
trump is doing to china is not lost on the rest of the world europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever they’re sitting there and saying gee are we next ? maybe you are ! we’ve got to change the rules the us can’t defend the world and pay for it
“to declassify is so important because if this were a democrat president or a democrat candidate that was spied on the way president trump was spied on this would be a scandal that would make watergate look like nothing illegal spying
“i am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the left in the country because they hate donald trump inexplicably and without foundation they choose to hate america the democrats have truly become the party of hate”  @ loudobbs
the us may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to hurricane dorian but please don’t let down your guard as it heads up the coast lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen ! on the other hand the bahamas have been devastated we are sending crews to help !
the incompetent mayor of london sadiq khan was bothered that i played a very fast round of golf yesterday many pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks me i run through one of my courses very inexpensive president obama would fly to hawaii kahn should focus on
”knife crime” which is totally out of control in london people are afraid to even walk the streets he is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business !
based on the ig report the whole witch hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal scam the house of representatives should now get back to work on drug prices healthcare infrastructure and all else the mueller report showed no collusion no obstruction !
the incompetent mayor of london sadique kahn was bothered that i played a very fast round of golf yesterday many pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks me i run through one of my courses very inexpensive president obama would fly to hawaii kahn should focus on
”knife crime” which is totally out of control in london people are afraid to even walk the streets he is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business !
we are doing very well in our negotiations with china while i am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff usa”$600 b/year16 months plus is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a longshot
and then think what happens to china when i win deal would get much tougher ! in the meantime china’s supply chain will crumble and businesses jobs and money will be gone !
“brazil will allow more american ethanol to enter the country without tariffs a decision that brazilian mills are celebrating the seemingly counterintuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the south american nation and the us for a
when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that alabama could have received some “hurt” always good to be prepared ! but the fake  news  is only interested in demeaning and belittling didn’t play my whole sentence or statement bad people !
when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that alabama could have received some “hurt” always good to be prepared ! but the fake  news  is only interested in demeaning and belittling didn’t play my whole sentence or statement bad people !
“brazil will allow more american ethanol to enter the country without tariffs a decision that brazilian mills are celebrating the seemingly counterintuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the south american nation and the us for a
the good  news  is that we are winning our real opponent is not the democrats or the dwindling number of republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the fake  news  media in the history of our country they have never been so bad !
the lamestream media has gone totally crazy ! they write whatever they want seldom have sources even though they say they do never do “fact checking” anymore and are only looking for the “kill” they take good  news  and make it bad they are now beyond fake they are corrupt
the amazon washington post did a story that i brought racist attacks against the “squad” no they brought racist attacks against our nation all i do is call them out for the horrible things they have said the democrats have become the party of the squad !
swing states that went to trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades and their trust in president trump paid off as they saw their incomes riseand it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with
just watched aflcio president richard trumka on  @ fox news  and thought to myself how different he is on tv than he is when he is with me at the white house likes what we are doing until the cameras go on we got robbed on trade and everything else while his dems just sat back
and watched nafta is the worst trade deal ever made  terrible for labor  and richard let it stand no wonder unions are losing so much the workers will vote for me in 2020 lowest unemployment most jobs ever and should stop paying exorbitant $dues not worth it !
since my election many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our country and the stock market is up over 50 if you followed the advice of the failing new york times columnist paul krugman you’d be doing very poorly  you’d be angry and hurt he never got it !
“we hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels” third circuit court of appeals “lou that’s why this next election is so important the soul of america they want to take religion out of american lives thank god for judges like
pray for the people in the bahamas being hit like never before category 5  almost 200 mph winds
great job by texas law enforcement and first responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday thank you also to the fbi  @ gregabbotttx and all others a very tough and sad situation !
in addition to florida  south carolina north carolina georgia and alabama will most likely be hit much harder than anticipated looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever already category 5 be careful ! god bless everyone !
this is only the beginning ! 
reports are coming comey very vulnerable but where is the supreme court where is justice roberts ? if you lie to a court you should be held in contempt so if you abused the fisa you must be held accountable i hope justice roberts will take action” jason chaffetz fox
“james comey has been rebuked at the highest level with much more to come an ig report doesn’t get any stronger calling him dangerous insubordinate thank goodness that donald trump was elected because if he wasn’t elected these people would still be in power two more
is about american freedom redirect the supply chain there is no reason to buy everything from china !
peter morici economist :  tariffs will not impact american consumers that much because the chinese currency has gone down which gives our importers a discount importers can find suppliers outside of china absolutely worth it we don’t want to be servants to the chinese ! this
enjoy the low gas prices over the labor day weekend ! my energy policies have made america energy independent while keeping prices low just like a tax cut the democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas ! 
but now we are moving forward like never before we are winning again and we are respected again !
just watched congresswoman debbie dingell and many other democrats wanting to give up on our very successful trade battle with china which has had its worst economic year in memory and getting worse we are taking in $billions will be big for farmers and all !
has anyone noticed that the top shows on  @ fox news  and cable ratings are those that are fair or great to your favorite president me ! congratulations to  @ seanhannity for being the number one show on cable television !
looking like our great south carolina could get hit much harder than first thought georgia and north carolina also it’s moving around and very hard to predict except that it is one of the biggest and strongest and really wide that we have seen in decades be safe !
make america great again which is happening and then keep america great !
yes i am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements disgusting and foul mouthed omarosa is one i gave her every break despite the fact that she was despised by everyone and she went for some cheap money from a book numerous others also !
while madeleine westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement she is a very good person and i don’t think there would ever be reason to use it she called me yesterday to apologize had a bad night i fully understood and forgave her ! i love tiffany doing great !
has anyone noticed that the top shows on  @ fox news  and cable ratings are those that are fair or great to your favorite president me ! congratulations to  @ seanhannity for being the number one shoe on cable television !
cory is doing a great job for colorado ! 
nobody knows more about healthcare than john great guy ! 
an amazing guy respected by all ! 
one of the greats ! 
thank you kevin great things are happening at the border ! 
“they could have charged comey with theft of government documents 641 of the criminal code because the ig found these were not his personal documents these were government documents”  @ greggjarrett  “comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not
this should never happen to another president again ! 
if the fed would cut we would have one of the biggest stock market increases in a long time badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small tariffs instead of themselves for bad managementand who can really blame them for doing that ? excuses !
the euro is dropping against the dollar “like crazy” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantageand the fed does nothing ! our dollar is now the strongest in history sounds good doesn’t it ? except to those manufacturers that make product for sale outside the us
the fact that james comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable attorney general bill barr is so many people and experts that i have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course comey got lucky !
the disastrous ig report on james comey shows in the strongest of terms how unfairly i and tens of millions of great people who support me were treated our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool we should be given our stolen time back ?
an idea liked by many ? 
general motors which was once the giant of detroit is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there they moved major plants to china before i came into office this was done despite the saving help given them by the usa now they should start moving back to america again ?
perhaps never in the history of our country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than james comey in the just released inspector general’s report he should be ashamed of himself !
the farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for ethanol not even including the e15 year around which is already done it will be a giant package get ready ! at the same time i was able to save the small refineries from certain closing great for all !
the economy is doing great with tremendous upside potential ! if the fed would do what they should we are a rocket upward !
the totally inaccurate reporting by lawrence o’donnell for which he has been forced by nbc to apologize is no different than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent fake  news  that i and many millions of great supporters have had to put up with for years so bad for the usa !
for the most ridiculous claim of all that russia russia russia or russian oligarchs cosigned loan documents for me a guarantee totally false as is virtually everything else he and much of the rest of the lamestream media has said about me for years all apologize !
hurricane dorian looks like it will be hitting florida late sunday night be prepared and please follow state and federal instructions it will be a very big hurricane perhaps one of the biggest !
there has never been a time in the history of our country that the media was so fraudulent fake or corrupt ! when the “age of trump” is looked back on many years from now i only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the fake  news  !
the  amazon washington post and  @ cnn just did a fake interview on pardons for aids on the wall and that i didn’t think the wall on the southern border was that important to stop illegals wanting to come into our country wrong vitally important will make a big impact so bad !
a sad day for the democrats kirsten gillibrand has dropped out of the presidential primary i’m glad they never found out that she was the one i was really afraid of !
thank you for the support as we make america great again ! 
another totally fake story in the amazon washington post lobbyist which states that if my aides broke the law to build the wall which is going up rapidly i would give them a pardon this was made up by the washington post only in order to demean and disparage  fake  news  !
the wall is going up very fast despite total obstruction by democrats in congress and elsewhere ! 
puerto rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth their political system is broken and their politicians are either incompetent or corrupt congress approved billions of dollars last time more than anyplace else has ever gotten and it is sent to crooked pols no good !
our federal reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition  other countries at the g7 in france all of the other leaders were giddy about how low their interest costs have gone germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money  zero interest plus ! no clue fed !
i don’t want to win for myself i only want to win for the people the new  @ fox news  is letting millions of great people down ! we have to start looking for a new  news  outlet fox isn’t working for us anymore !
we are tracking closely tropical storm dorian as it heads as usual to puerto rico fema and all others are ready  and will do a great job when they do let them know it and give them a big thank you  not like last time that includes from the incompetent mayor of san juan !
so interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice i am getting on china from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably  in fact they got taken to the cleaners we are doing very well with china this has never happened to them before !
a made up radical left story about doral bedbugs but bret stephens is loaded up with them ! been calling me wrong for years along with the few remaining never trumpers  all losers ! 
can you believe it ? i’m at 94 approval in the republican party and have three stooges running against me one is “mr appalachian trail” who was actually in argentina for bad reasons
another is a onetime bad congressman from illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide then failed in radio the third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award i should be able to take them !
can you believe it ? i’m at 94 approval in the republican party and have three stooges running against me one is “mr appalachian trail” who was actually in argentina for bad reasons
axios whatever that is sat back and said geeeee let’s see what can we make up today to embarrass the president ? then they said “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane that should do it !” the media in our country is totally out of control !
they do stories so big on elizabeth “pocahontas” warren’s crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all fake  news  !
the g7 in france was so successful and yet when i came back and read the corrupt and fake  news  and watched numerous networks it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the great g7 event !
the federal reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old usa ? our fed has been calling it wrong for too long !
the g7 was a great success for the usa and all lamestream media coverage bore no relationship to what actually happened in france  fake  news  it was great !
i have gotten to know president  @ jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with brazil he is working very hard on the amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of brazil  not easy he and his country have the full and complete support of the usa !
just returned to washington from france and the very successful g7 only to find that the fake  news  is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that i wanted to use nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore this is so ridiculous never happened !
the story by axios that president trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous i never said this just more fake  news  !
 @ stevehiltonx “the democrats statements about donald trump are lies here are the facts” i will soon be posting the entire segment too much positive  news  too many good things to tweet please be sure to watch ! thank you steve hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid !
my stock market gains must be judged from the day after the election november 9 2016 where the market went up big after the win and because of the win had my opponent won crash !
no we actually had a very good and productive meeting nice ! 
in france we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the us reporting of events and conversations at the g7 is these leaders and many others are getting a major case study of fake  news  at it’s finest ! they’ve got it all wrong from iran to china tariffs to boris !
the question i was asked most today by fellow world leaders who think the usa is doing so well and is stronger than ever before happens to be “mr president why does the american media hate your country so much ? why are they rooting for it to fail ?”
big trade deal just agreed to with prime minister abe of japan will be great for our farmers ranchers and more really big corn purchase !
such false and inaccurate reporting thus far on the g7 the fake  news  knows this but they can’t help themselves ! leaving now to have breakfast with boris j
bad economic times the worse the better anything to make my election more difficult to win well we are having very good meetings the leaders are getting along very well and our country economically is doing great  the talk of the world !
before i arrived in france the fake and disgusting  news  was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the g7 are very tense and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster just like they are trying to force a recession they are trying to “will” america into
france and president  @ emmanuelmacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important g7 lunch with emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had likewise evening meeting with world leaders went very well progress being made !
our great economy is the talk of everyone !
france and president  @ emanuelmacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important g7 lunch with emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had likewise evening meeting with world leaders went very well progress being made !
north carolina governor cooper vetoed a bill that would have required sheriffs to cooperate with ice this is a terrible decision for the great people of north carolina he should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime !
looking forward to helping new york city and governor  @ andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated and partially built second avenue subway would be extended to east 125th street in harlem long in the making they now have the team that can get it done !
just had lunch with french president  @ emmanuelmacron many good things are happening for both of our countries big weekend with other world leaders !
“face it you probably got a tax cut !” this was a new york times headline and it is very true if republicans take back the house and keep the senate and presidency one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income tax cut ! democrats only want to raise your taxes !
just had lunch with french president  @ emanuelmacrone many good things are happening for both of our countries big weekend with other world leaders !
when i looked up to the sky and jokingly said “i am the chosen one” at a press conference two days ago referring to taking on trade with china little did i realize that the media would claim that i had a “messiah complex” they knew i was kidding being sarcastic and just
for all of the fake  news  reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to presidential powers china etc try looking at the emergency economic powers act of 1977 case closed !
looking forward to being with great leaders in france ! leaving soon 
great ! he said maga country did it so terrible ! 
just spoke with president  @ jairbolsonaro of brazil our future trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong perhaps stronger than ever before i told him if the united states can help with the amazon rainforest fires we stand ready to assist !
for many years china and many other countries has been taking advantage of the united states on trade intellectual property theft and much more our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year to china with no end in sight
sadly past administrations have allowed china to get so far ahead of fair and balanced trade that it has become a great burden to the american taxpayer as president i can no longer allow this to happen ! in the spirit of achieving fair trade we must balance this very
the dow is down 573 points perhaps on the  news  that representative seth moulton whoever that may be has dropped out of the 2020 presidential race !
all deliveries of fentanyl from china or anywhere else ! fentanyl kills 100000 americans a year president xi said this would stop  it didn’t our economy because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years is much larger than that of china we will keep it that way !
better off without them the vast amounts of money made and stolen by china from the united states year after year for decades will and must stop our great american companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to china including bringing
as usual the fed did nothing ! it is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what i am doing which will be announced shortly we have a very strong dollar and a very weak fed i will work “brilliantly” with both and the us will do great
my only question is who is our bigger enemy jay powell or chairman xi ?
my only question is who is our bigger enemy jay powel or chairman xi ?
as usual the fed did nothing ! it is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what i am doing which will be announced shortly we have a very strong dollar and a very weak fed i will work “brilliantly” with both and the us will do great
now the fed can show their stuff !
this despite the fake  news  and polls ! 
the economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well despite this the fake  news  media together with their partner the democrat party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a recession they are
willing to lose their wealth or a big part of it just for the possibility of winning the election but it won’t work because i always find a way to win especially for the people ! the greatest political movement in the history of our country will have another big win in 2020 !
looking forward to soon being in north carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful dan bishop who is running for congress his opponent wants open borders sanctuary cities and socialism he likes the “squad” more than north carolina dan has my full and complete endorsement !
i am hopeful congress will engage with my team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and most importantly save lives !
just heard that sean spicer will be on “dancing with the stars” he will do great a terrific person who loves our country dearly !
the economy is doing really well the federal reserve can easily make it record setting ! the question is being asked why are we paying much more in interest than germany and certain other countries ? be early for a change not late let america win big rather than just win !
germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields germany competes with the usa our federal reserve does not allow us to do what we must do they put us at a disadvantage against our competition strong dollar no inflation ! they move like quicksand fight or go home !
that when this administration’s alternative is no longer available california will squeeze them to a point of business ruin only reason california is now talking to them is because the feds are giving a far better alternative which is much better for consumers !
henry ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modernday descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well because execs don’t want to fight california regulators car companies should know
because of me these countries have agreed to pay one hundred billion dollars more  but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided sorry !
for the record denmark is only at 135 of gdp for nato spending they are a wealthy country and should be at 2 we protect europe and yet only 8 of the 28 nato countries are at the 2 mark the united states is at a much much higher level than that
so germany is paying zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money while the us a far stronger and more important credit is paying interest and just stopped i hope ! quantitative tightening strongest dollar in history very tough on exports no inflation !
where is the federal reserve ?
my proposal to the politically correct automobile companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer engines would run smoother very little impact on the environment ! foolish executives !
doing great with china and other trade deals the only problem we have is jay powell and the fed he’s like a golfer who can’t putt has no touch big us growth if he does the right thing big cut  but don’t count on him ! so far he has called it wrong and only let us down
we are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate and we should be lower than them yesterday “highest dollar in ushistory” no inflation wake up federal reserve such growth potential almost like never before !
rep tlaib wants to cut off aid to israel this is the new face the of democrat party ? read the aoc plus 3 statements on their hatred of jews and israel check out rep omar the great people of minnesota won’t stand for this
“thank you to wayne allyn root for the very nice words “president trump is the greatest president for jews and for israel in the history of the world not just america he is the best president for israel in the history of the worldand the jewish people in israel love him
like he’s the king of israel they love him like he is the second coming of godbut american jews don’t know him or like him they don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore it makes no sense ! but that’s ok if he keeps doing what he’s doing he’s good for
the prime minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the united states and denmark by being so direct i thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future !
denmark is a very special country with incredible people but based on prime minister mette frederiksen’s comments that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of greenland i will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time
sorry i don’t buy rep tlaib’s tears i have watched her violence craziness and most importantly words for far too long now tears ? she hates israel and all jewish people she is an antisemite she and her 3 friends are the new face of the democrat party live with it !
ratings are way down lost all credibility beautiful to watch ! 
maria despite all of their will and energy it won’t work ! 
the fake and corrupt media is sooo bad for our country the enemy of the people ! 
nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me he only lasted 11 days ! 
i promise not to do this to greenland ! 
spoke to my two good friends prime minister modi of india and prime minister khan of pakistan regarding trade strategic partnerships and most importantly for india and pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir a tough situation but good conversations !
our economy is very strong despite the horrendous lack of vision by jay powell and the fed but the democrats are trying to “will” the economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 election  very selfish ! our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world
the fed rate over a fairly short period of time should be reduced by at least 100 basis points with perhaps some quantitative easing as well if that happened our economy would be even better and the world economy would be greatly and quickly enhancedgood for everyone !
democrats want open borders and crime ! so dangerous for our country but we are building a big beautiful new wall ! i will protect america the dems don’t know where to start ! 
got fired wrote a very nice book about me just recently now the book is a lie ? said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her getting divorced he was a mental wreck we didn’t want him around now fake  news  puts him on like he was my buddy !
great cohesion inside the republican party the best i have ever seen despite all of the fake  news  my poll numbers are great new internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far ! think what they’d be if i got fair media coverage !
got fired wrote a very nice book about me just recently now the book is a lie ? said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her getting divorced he was a mental wreck we didn’t want him around now fake  news  puts him on like he was my buddy !
anthony scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign i barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetencemade a fool of himself bad on tv abused staff
the new york times will be out of business soon after i leave office hopefully in 6 years they have zero credibility and are losing a fortune even now especially after their massive unfunded liability i’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going !
our economy is the best in the world by far lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories poised for big growth after trade deals are completed import prices down china eating tariffs helping targeted farmers from big tariff money coming in great future for usa !
juan williams at  @ fox news  is so pathetic and yet when he met me in the fox building lobby he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family yet he is always nasty and wrong !
we are doing very well with china and talking !
doing really well ! 
make america great again !
with all that this administration has accomplished think what my poll numbers would be if we had an honest media which we do not !
”journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our country it is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the democrat party the reporting is so false biased and evil that it has now become a very sick jokebut the public is aware !  # crookedjournalism
the fake  news  media hates to see this ! 
major consideration is being given to naming antifa an “organization of terror” portland is being watched very closely hopefully the mayor will be able to properly do his job !
look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in new hampshire last night sorry we couldn’t get you in will be back soon ! 
great time in new hampshire last night placed was maxed out totally packed with thousands coming to the arena floor at start thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code energy was really great to see we will win new hampshire in 2020 !
having dinner tonight with tim cook of apple they will be spending vast sums of money in the us great !
just completed a very good meeting on afghanistan many on the opposite side of this 19 year war and us are looking to make a deal  if possible !
i donate 100 of my president’s salary $400000 back to our country and feel very good about it ! 
like it or not tlaib and omar are fast becoming the face of the democrat party cortez aoc is fuming not happy about this !
senator jim risch of the great state of idaho has been an incredible supporter of our agenda ! he is tough on crime strong on borders and will continue to fight for our second amendment jim will never let you down he has my full and complete endorsement !
congratulations to patrick yoes for his election as national president of the great fraternal order of police together we will fight for our incredible law enforcement officers !
thank you to my good friend chuck canterbury for 16 years of service to the fraternal order of police and our great men and women in blue you are an incredible patriot !
a great evening with incredible people in new hampshire ! 
walmart a great indicator as to how the us is doing just released outstanding numbers our country unlike others is doing great ! don’t let the fake  news  convince you otherwise
“if they don’t get this trade deal with the us done china could have it first recession or worse ! in years there’s disinvestment in china right now also the fed is too tight i agree” steve moore heritage foundation
sadly much truth to this ! 
andrew thank you ! we will never forgive or forget 
the fake  news  media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my reelection the problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on trade and everyone knows that including china !
representatives omar and tlaib are the face of the democrat party and they hate israel !
wow ! the deputy editor of the failing new york times was just demoted should have been fired ! totally biased and inaccurate reporting the paper is a fraud zero credibility fake  news  takes another hit but this time a big one !
our great farmers know how important it is to win on trade they will be the big winners !
the united states is now by far the biggest strongest and most powerful economy in the world it is not even close ! as others falter we will only get stronger consumers are in the best shape ever plenty of cash business optimism is at an all time high !
if president xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the hong kong problem i have no doubt ! 
the philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets he had a long and very dangerous criminal record looked like he was having a good time after his capture and after wounding so many police long sentence  must get much tougher on street crime !
thank you and the wall is under major construction ! 
two great entertainers and more importantly great people ! check out their show 
i know president xi of china very well he is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people he is also a good man in a “tough business” i have zero doubt that if president xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the hong kong problem he can do it personal meeting ?
good things were stated on the call with china the other day they are eating the tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system the american consumer is fine with or without the september date but much good will come from the short
deferral to december it actually helps china more than us but will be reciprocated millions of jobs are being lost in china to other nontariffed countries thousands of companies are leaving of course china wants to make a deal let them work humanely with hong kong first !
tremendous amounts of money pouring into the united states people want safety !
“the fed has got to do something ! the fed is the central bank of the united states not the central bank of the world” mark grant   @ varneyco  correct ! the federal reserve acted far too quickly and now is very very late too bad so much to gain on the upside !
great day in the incredible commonwealth of pennsylvania today with the amazing energy workers construction workers and craft workers who make america run – and who make america proud no one in the world does it better than you ! 
no debate on election security should go forward without first agreeing that voter id identification must play a very strong part in any final agreement without voter id it is all so meaningless !
see you in new hampshire ! 
just landed in pennsylvania looking forward to making a speech on energy so important !
our intelligence has informed us that the chinese government is moving troops to the border with hong kong everyone should be calm and safe !
many are blaming me and the united states for the problems going on in hong kong i can’t imagine why ?
all the  news  that’s not fit to print ! “the new york times is no longer the paper we grew up with it is no longer a  news  organization it is now an agenda driven organization out to change the country for the worse !” michael goodwin highly respected new york post columnist
as usual china said they were going to be buying “big” from our great american farmers so far they have not done what they said maybe this will be different !
through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the us is receiving is a gift from china prices not up no inflation farmers getting more than china would be spending fake  news  won’t report !
thank you john you are a special guy ! 
the united states is learning much from the failed missile explosion in russia we have similar though more advanced technology the russian “skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility and far beyond not good !
two great and loyal friends ! 
scaramucci who like so many others had nothing to do with my election victory is only upset that i didn’t want him back in the administration where he desperately wanted to be also i seldom had time to return his many calls to me he just wanted to be on tv !
many incredible things are happening right now for our country after years of being ripped off by other nations on both trade deals and the military things are changing fast big progress is being made america is respected again keep america great !
anthony scaramucci who was quickly terminated 11 days from a position that he was totally incapable of handling now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “president trump” like many other socalled television experts he knows very little about me
other than the fact that this administration has probably done more than any other administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence anthony who would do anything to come back in should remember the only reason he is on tv and it’s not for being the mooch !
joe biden just said “we believe in facts not truth” does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president ? we are “playing” in a very big and complicated world joe doesn’t have a clue !
think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show to so many how totally dishonest the fake  news  media really is it may be the most corrupt and disgusting business almost there is ! make america great again !
got to see by accident wacko comedian bill maher’s show  so many lies he said patients in el paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me wrong ! had really great meetings with numerous patients said i was on vacation wrong ! long planned fix up of wh stay here rather than
cause big disruption by going to manhattan working almost all of the time including evenings don’t have to be in wh to do thatand sooo many other false statements he is right about one thing though i will win again in 2020 otherwise he pays 95 in taxes !
never has the press been more inaccurate unfair or corrupt ! we are not fighting the democrats they are easy we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged lamestream media they have gone totally crazy make america great again !
in a letter to me sent by kim jong un he stated very nicely that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint us/south korea joint exercise are over it was a long letter much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises it was
also a small apology for testing the short range missiles and that this testing would stop when the exercises end i look forward to seeing kim jong un in the not too distant future ! a nuclear free north korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world !
liberal hollywood is racist at the highest level and with great anger and hate ! they like to call themselves “elite” but they are not elite in fact it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the elite the movie coming out is made in order
to inflame and cause chaos they create their own violence and then try to blame others they are the true racists and are very bad for our country !
serious discussions are taking place between house and senate leadership  on meaningful background checks i have also been speaking to the nra and others so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected guns should not be placed in the hands of
mentally ill or deranged people i am the biggest second amendment person there is but we all must work together for the good and safety of our country common sense things can be done that are good for everyone !
rod blagojevich the former governor of illinois was sentenced to 14 years in prison he has served 7 years many people have asked that i study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one white house staff is continuing the review of this matter
career in the military retiring from the us navy in 2010 he commanded at every level including the naval special warfare command he has also served as a national security fellow at harvard university i have no doubt he will do a great job !
sue gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career i have gotten to know sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her sue has announced she will be leaving on august 15 which
i know emmanuel means well as do all others but nobody speaks for the united states but the united states itself no one is authorized in any way shape or form to represent us !
iran is in serious financial trouble they want desperately to talk to the us but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us including president macron of france
in the world there is nobody even close but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our federal reserve they have called it wrong at every step of the way and we are still winning can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right ?
as your president one would think that i would be thrilled with our very strong dollar i am not ! the fed’s high interest rate level in comparison to other countries is keeping the dollar high making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like caterpillar boeing
my time spent in dayton and el paso with some of the greatest people on earth thank you for a job well done ! 
incredible afternoon in el paso texas we love you and are with you all the way ! 
the dems new weapon is actually their old weapon one which they never cease to use when they are down or run out of facts racism ! they are truly disgusting ! they even used it on nancy pelosi i will be putting out a list of all people who have been so ridiculously accused !
i don’t know who joaquin castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate 1 who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth joaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much keep fighting joaquin !
i don’t know who juaquin castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate 1 who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth juaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much keep fighting juaquin !
the people i met today in dayton are the finest anywhere ! 
misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital their  news  conference after i left for el paso was a fraud it bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that i was so lucky to meet and spend time with they were all amazing !o
watching sleepy joe biden making a speech sooo boring ! the lamestream media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy it will be over for them not to mention the fact that our country will do poorly with him it will be one big crash but at least china will be happy !
today we honor all of our country’s purple heart recipients their loved ones and our gold star families for their immeasurable sacrifice these american patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the us armed forces :  
terrible thing to watch especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily we will win anyway but it would be much easier if the fed understood which they don’t that we are competing against other countries all of whom want to do well at our expense !
proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much and that i was right ! they must cut rates bigger and faster and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening now yield curve is at too wide a margin and no inflation ! incompetence is a
“three more central banks cut rates” our problem is not china  we are stronger than ever money is pouring into the us while china is losing companies by the thousands to other countries and their currency is under siege  our problem is a federal reserve that is too
south korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the united states in order to defend itself from north korea over the past many decades the us has been paid very little by south korea but last year at the request of president trump south korea paid $990000000
talks have begun to further increase payments to the united states south korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the united states of america the relationship between the two countries is a very good one !
“california is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose president trump and it’s clearly something california is not allowed to do it violates the right of the republican party or any party to choose its leaders under the free speech clause and under the 14th
will be going to dayton ohio and el paso texas tomorrow to meet with first responders law enforcement and some of the victims of the terrible shootings
 are not planning to illegally subvert the 2020 election despite all that has been said to the contrary it all sounded good until i watched kevin cernekee a google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “make sure that trump losses
as they have learned in the last two years our great american farmers know that china will not be able to hurt them in that their president has stood with them and done what no other president would do  and i’ll do it again next year if necessary !
massive amounts of money from china and other parts of the world is pouring into the united states for reasons of safety investment and interest rates ! we are in a very strong position companies are also coming to the us in big numbers a beautiful thing to watch !
are not planning to illegally subvert the 2020 election despite all that has been said to the contrary it all sounded good until i watched kevin cernekee a google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “make sure that trump losses
 @ sundarpichai of google was in the oval office working very hard to explain how much he liked me what a great job the administration is doing that google was not involved with china’s military that they didn’t help crooked hillary over me in the 2016 election and that they
“it’s political season and the election is around the corner they want to continue to push that racist narrative”  @ ainsleyearhardt  @ foxandfriends  and i am the least racist person black hispanic and asian unemployment is the lowest best in the history of the united states !
we must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as one people open wounds cannot heal if we are divided we must seek real bipartisan solutions that will truly make america safer and better for all 
today i am also directing the department of justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the death penalty  and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly decisively and without years of needless delay 
the first lady and i join all americans in praying and grieving for the victims their families and the survivors we will stand by their side forever ! 
china is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of billions of dollars they have been taking from the us with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation so onesided it should have been stopped many years ago !
based on the historic currency manipulation by china it is now even more obvious to everyone that americans are not paying for the tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of china and the us is taking in tens of billions of dollars ! china has always
the media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our country fake  news  has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years  news  coverage has got to start being fair balanced and unbiased or these terrible problems will only get worse !
we cannot let those killed in el paso texas and dayton ohio die in vain likewise for those so seriously wounded we can never forget them and those many who came before them republicans and democrats must come together and get strong background checks perhaps marrying
this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform we must have something good if not great come out of these two tragic events !
today i authorized the lowering of the flags to halfstaff at all federal government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in el paso texas and dayton ohio
the flags at the white house will be lowered today through thursday august 8 melania and i are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil !
god bless the people of el paso texas god bless the people of dayton ohio
god bless the people of el paso texas god bless the people of dayton ohio
the fbi local and state law enforcement are working together in el paso and in dayton ohio information is rapidly being accumulated in dayton much has already be learned in el paso law enforcement was very rapid in both instances updates will be given throughout the day !
today’s shooting in el paso texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice i know that i stand with everyone in this country to condemn today’s hateful act there are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people
melania and i send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of texas
today’s shooting in el paso texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice i know that i stand with everyone in this country to condemn today’s hateful act there are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people
melania and i send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of texas
terrible shootings in elpaso texas reports are very bad many killed working with state and local authorities and law enforcement spoke to governor to pledge total support of federal government god be with you all !
things are going along very well with china they are paying us tens of billions of dollars made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going so far our consumer is paying nothing  and no inflation no help from fed !
countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate real trade deals not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations they don’t want to be targeted for tariffs by the us
great working with you john a big win for our amazing ranchers ! 
nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant trump fan steve joined me after i won the primaries but i loved working with him ! 
our great republican congressman john ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the lamestream media rather than going through months of slander and libel i explained to john how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people
john has therefore decided to stay in congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of texas and our country i will be announcing my nomination for dni shortly
a$ap rocky released from prison and on his way home to the united states from sweden it was a rocky week get home asap a$ap !
chariman kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country and only the united states with me as president can make that vision come true he will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to and he does not want to disappoint his friend president trump !
kim jong un and north korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days these missiles tests are not a violation of our signed singapore agreement nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands there may be a united nations violation but
chairman kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust there is far too much for north korea to gain  the potential as a country under kim jong un’s leadership is unlimited also there is far too much to lose i may be wrong but i believe that
i would like to thank two great iowa senators  @ chuckgrassley and  @ senjoniernst  for their support today on the spending bill their vote and the vote of other republicans and democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion thank you all !
thank you cincinnati ohio together we are going to keep america great ! 
we look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with china on a comprehensive trade deal and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one !
buy agricultural product from the us in large quantities but did not do so additionally my friend president xi said that he would stop the sale of fentanyl to the united states – this never happened and many americans continue to die ! trade talks are continuing and
our representatives have just returned from china where they had constructive talks having to do with a future trade deal we thought we had a deal with china three months ago but sadly china decided to renegotiate the deal prior to signing more recently china agreed to
a string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit dead ends  @ billhemmer  @ america news room 
big rally tonight in cincinnati ohio see you there ! ps our country is doing great !
budget deal is phenomenal for our great military our vets and jobs jobs jobs ! two year deal gets us past the election go for it republicans there is always plenty of time to cut !
it will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success or let it go we are respected again all around the world keep it that way ! i said i will never let you down and i haven’t we will only grow bigger better and stronger together !
the cages for kids were built by the obama administration in 2014 he had the policy of child separation i ended it even as i realized that more families would then come to the border !  @ cnn
experts stated that the fed should not have tightened and then waited too long to undo their mistake james bullard of st louis fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last december “mistake powell cut rate and then he started talking”  @ loudobbs
thank you bill say hello to our great veterans ! 
as usual powell let us down but at least he is ending quantitative tightening which shouldn’t have started in the first place  no inflation we are winning anyway but i am certainly not getting much help from the federal reserve !
what the market wanted to hear from jay powell and the federal reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive ratecutting cycle which would keep pace with china the european union and other countries around the world
i am very happy for eddie gallagher and his family !
the prosecutors who lost the case against seal eddie gallagher who i released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly were ridiculously given a navy achievement medal not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect
the prosecutors who lost the case against seal eddie gallagher who i released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly were ridiculously given a navy achievement medal
not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion
or is he too dumb stupid} to understand that no wonder cnn’s ratings msnbc’s also have gone down the tubes  and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the  news room don’t hold your breath !
such a great victory in court yesterday on the russian hoax the greatest political scam in the history of our country treason ! hopefully the attorney generel of the united states and all of those working with him will find out in great detail what happened never again !
heading to jamestown virginia word is the democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible but that’s ok because today is not about them !
don’t watch show but heard mika said i asked to preside over their marriage not true—does anyone really believe that ? they were married by elijah king of baltimore !
senate is working hard on america’s transportation infrastructure act will have big impact on our highways and roads all across our nation interest strong from republicans and democrats do i hear the beautiful word bipartisan ? get it done i am with you !
my team is negotiating with them now but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit they should probably wait out our election to see if we get one of the democrat stiffs like sleepy joe then they could make a great deal like in past 30 years and continue
china is doing very badly worst year in 27  was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now  no signs that they are doing so that is the problem with china they just don’t come through our economy has become much larger than the chinese economy is last 3 years
baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the united states on crime and the economy billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years but to no avail the money was stolen or wasted ask elijah cummings where it went he should investigate himself with his oversight committee !
elijah cummings never even went to the southern border and then he screams at the very good people who despite congresses failure to fix the loopholes and asylum make it work crossings are way down and the wall is being built even with zero dem help border getting strong !
just remember the iranians never won a war but never lost a negotiation !
the republican party has a new star his name is daniel cameron  @ djaycameron and he is running for attorney general of the commonwealth of kentucky
he is tough on crime strong on borders and will fight for our second amendment daniel will never let you down he has my full and complete endorsement !
the fed “raised” way too early and way too much their quantitative tightening was another big mistake while our country is doing very well the potential wealth creation that was missed especially when measured against our debt is staggering we are competing with other
countries that know how to play the game against the us that’s actually why the eu was formedand for china until now the us has been “easy pickens” the fed has made all of the wrong moves a small rate cut is not enough but we will win anyway !
even to new heights of success and glory but not with king elijah and that crew when the leaders of baltimore want to see the city rise again i am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call !
crazy bernie sanders recently equated the city of baltimore to a third world country ! based on that statement i assume that bernie must now be labeled a racist just as a republican would if he used that term and standard ! the fact is baltimore can be brought back maybe
the eu and china will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product in the meantime and with very low inflation our fed does nothing  and probably will do very little by comparison too bad !
al sharpton would always ask me to go to his events he would say “it’s a personal favor to me” seldom but sometimes i would go it was fine he came to my office in tt during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me just a conman at work !
if the democrats are going to defend the radical left “squad” and king elijah’s baltimore fail it will be a long road to 2020 the good  news  for the dems is that they have the fake  news  media in their pocket !
good luck with the book george should do well ! 
law enforcement is at the scene of shootings in gilroy california reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended be careful and safe !
“if the democrats would have closed the loopholes two years ago when president trump asked them to do so none of this stuff would have happened”  @ thomashomanice
be leaving office on august 15th i would like to thank dan for his great service to our country the acting director will be named shortly
i am pleased to announce that highly respected congressman john ratcliffe of texas will be nominated by me to be the director of national intelligence a former us attorney john will lead and inspire greatness for the country he loves dan coats the current director will
under the trump administration african american unemployment is the lowest best in the history of the united states no president has come close to doing this before ! i also created successful opportunity zones waiting for nancy and elijah to say “thank you mr president !”
if racist elijah cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district and baltimore itself perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership his radical “oversight” is a joke !
there is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know that elijah cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district and of baltimore itself dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts shame !
speaking of failing badly has anyone seen what is happening to nancy pelosi’s district in san francisco it is not even recognizeable lately something must be done before it is too late the dems should stop wasting time on the witch hunt hoax and start focusing on our country !
someone please explain to nancy pelosi who was recently called racist by those in her own party that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that congressman elijah cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the city of baltimore just take
a look the facts speak far louder than words ! the democrats always play the race card when in fact they have done so little for our nation’s great african american people now lowest unemployment in us history and only getting better elijah cummings has failed badly !
“if it weren’t for donald trump we would never know how corrupt these democrats are we would never know for sure that there was a deep state now we know it”  @ judgejeanine
so sad that elijah cummings has been able to do so little for the people of baltimore statistically baltimore ranks last in almost every major category cummings has done nothing but milk baltimore dry but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing !
“one of the biggest things to come out of mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked was there anything that impeded your investigation the answer was a clear unequivocal no” misty marris   @ fox news   true but many other great “exonerating” things came out
robert mueller’s testimony and the mueller report itself was a disaster for this illegal democrat inspired witch hunt it is an embarrassment to the usa that they don’t know how to stop they can’t help themselves they are totally lost they are clowns !
we gave nadler and his trump hating dems the complete mueller report we didn’t have to and even mueller himself but now that both were a total bust they say it wasn’t good enough nothing will ever be good enough for them witch hunt !
elijah cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “oversight” he does nothing for his very poor very dangerous and very badly run district ! take a look  # blacksfortrump2020 
democrats don’t care about border security they refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the loopholes and asylum would be so easy ! they want open borders which means crimecrimecrime !
why is so much money sent to the elijah cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the united states no human being would want to live there where is all this money going ? how much is stolen ? investigate this corrupt mess immediately !
the wto is broken when the world’s richest countries claim to be developing countries to avoid wto rules and get special treatment no more today i directed the us trade representative to take action so that countries stop cheating the system at the expense of the usa !
france just put a digital tax on our great american technology companies if anybody taxes them it should be their home country the usa we will announce a substantial reciprocal action on macron’s foolishness shortly i’ve always said american wine is better than french wine !
apple will not be given tariff waiver or relief for mac pro parts that are made in china make them in the usa no tariffs !
apple will not be given tariff wavers or relief for mac pro parts that are made in china make them in the usa no tariffs !
there may or may not be national security concerns with regard to google and their relationship with china if there is a problem we will find out about it i sincerely hope there is not ! !
the fact that i have gone through a three year vicious witch hunt perpetrated by the lamestream media in collusion with crooked and the democrat party there can be no way with the greatest economy in us history that i can be losing to the sleepy one keep america great !
i am pleased to announce the house has passed our budget deal 284149 great for our military and our vets a big thank you !
give a$ap rocky his freedom we do so much for sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around sweden should focus on its real crime problem !  # freerocky
what took place was completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated bill de blasio should act immediately !
we love our law enforcement officers all around this great country what took place in nyc with water being tossed on nypd officers was a total disgrace it is time for  @ nycmayor  @ billdeblasio to stand up for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well
house republicans should support the two year budget agreement which greatly helps our military and our vets i am totally with you !
“yesterday changed everything it really did clear the president he wins”  @ ainsleyearhardt  “it changed everything in favor of the president who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing mueller was exposed as being best friends with comey today you say
the democrats lost so big today their party is in shambles right now
the democrats had nothing
truth is a force of nature !
i would like to thank the democrats for holding this morning’s hearing now after 3 hours robert mueller has to subject himself to  # shiftyschiff  an embarrassment to our country !
it has been reported that robert mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of fbi director and get turned down the day before he was wrongfully appointed special counsel hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the
it has been reported that robert mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of fbi director and get turned down the day before he was wrongfully appointed special counsel hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the
it was never agreed that robert mueller could use one of his many democrat never trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers this was specifically not agreed to and i would never have agreed to it the greatest witch hunt in us history by far !
so democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime try pinning it on a very innocent president and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our country they call it obstruction ? wrong ! why didn’t robert mueller investigate the investigators ?
so robert mueller has now asked for his long time never trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers what’s this all about ? his lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the crooked hillary case this should not be allowed rigged witch hunt !
the young leaders here today  @ tpusa are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation it is a movement about reclaiming your future rebuilding your country restoring your destiny and renewing the values that are the true source of american greatness ! 
just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a never trumper attorney to help robert mueller with his testimony before congress tomorrow what a disgrace to our system never heard of this before very unfair should not be allowed a rigged witch hunt !
budget deal gives great victories to our military and vets keeps out democrat poison pill riders republicans and democrats in congress need to act asap and support this deal
i was saddened to learn of the recent passing of bob morgenthau a truly great man ! bob served as a naval officer in world war ii was an extraordinary us attorney manhattan district attorney and always a warrior for our country that he loved so dearly
i got to know him over his many years as chairman of the police athletic league for which he devoted so much time and energy bob morgenthau a legend will be greatly missed !
leaving for turning point usa will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet see you there !
when an old wall at the southern border that is crumbling and falling over built in an important section to keep out problems is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete wall the media says no new wall has been built fake  news  ! building lots of wall !
tariffs remittance fees or all of the above guatemala has not been good big us taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago
guatemala which has been forming caravans and sending large numbers of people some with criminal records to the united states has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary safe third agreement we were ready to go now we are looking at the “ban”
congratulations to boris johnson on becoming the new prime minister of the united kingdom he will be great !
when we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated barrier on the southern border something which cannot do the job the fake  news  media gives us zero credit for building a new wall we have replaced many miles of old barrier with powerful new walls !
this was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our great military and vets !
the “squad” is a very racist group of troublemakers who are young inexperienced and not very smart they are pulling the once great democrat party far left and were against humanitarian aid at the borderand are now against ice and homeland security so bad for our country !
going with first lady to pay our respects to justice stevens leaving now !
the report of iran capturing cia spies is totally false zero truth just more lies and propaganda like their shot down drone put out by a religious regime that is badly failing and has no idea what to do their economy is dead and will get much worse iran is a total mess !
but the questions should be asked why were all of clinton’s people given immunity and why were the text messages of peter s and his lover lisa page deleted and destroyed right after they left mueller and after we requested themthis is illegal ?
highly conflicted robert mueller should not be given another bite at the apple in the end it will be bad for him and the phony democrats in congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous witch hunt result of the mueller report no collusion no obstruction !
fake  news  equals the enemy of the people !
the amazon washington post front page story yesterday was total fake  news  they said “advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four congresswomen” now really does that sound like me ? what advisors there were no talking points
with almost no inflation our country is needlessly being forced to pay a much higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided federal reserve in addition quantitative tightening is continuing making it harder for our country to compete as good
most importantly you have led israel with a commitment to the values of democracy freedom and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share !
make america great again !
the washington post story about my speech in north carolina and tweet with its phony sources who do not exist is fake  news  the only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm far greater than the democrats you’ll see in 2020 !
big progress at the border but dems in congress must change the immigration laws for all to be good ! end the loopholes and much more
the great state of west virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well when i became president it was practically shut down and closed for business not anymore !
i will help angel mom and great woman mary ann mendoza with twitter i know mary ann from the beginning and she should never be silenced she is a winner who has lost so much her child twitter if you’re watching please do what you have to do now foxandfriends
economic numbers reach an all time high the best in our country’s history great to be a part of something so good for so many !
our teams will be talking further and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours !
you can add 10 or 15 to this number economy doing better than ever before ! 
as you can see i did nothing to lead people on nor was i particularly happy with their chant just a very big and patriotic crowd they love the usa ! 
with the incompetent mayor of london you will never have safe streets ! 
just spoke to  @ kanyewest about his friend a$ap rocky’s incarceration i will be calling the very talented prime minister of sweden to see what we can do about helping a$ap rocky so many people would like to see this quickly resolved !
but it is no thanks to the federal reserve had they not acted so fast and “so much” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now this is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the us growth which would greatly reduce  debt don’t blow it !
because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the federal reserve we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically in other words our interest costs are much higher than other countries when they should be lower correct !
he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite president me then i saw the column he wrote “trump will be reelected won’t he ?” he called me a racist which i am not and said rhode island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the
thomas “the chin” friedman a weak and pathetic sort of guy writes columns for the new york times in between rounds of his favorite game golf two weeks ago while speaking to a friend on his cell phone i unfortunately ended up speaking to friedman we spoke for a while and
mainstream media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the radical left democrat party it is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch ! they even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted foul mouthed omar in minnesota a
mainstream media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the radical left democrat party it is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch ! they even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted foul mouthed omar in minnesota a
i am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate gene scalia as the new secretary of labor gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer but as a lawyer with great experience
working with labor and everyone else he will be a great member of an administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any administration in history !
this should have been taken care of years ago the trump administration is taking care of these thugs now !
today on behalf of the american people i received an american flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of us service members to land in normandy
a lot of bad things are happening in puerto rico the governor is under siege the mayor of san juan is a despicable and incompetent person who i wouldn’t trust under any circumstance and the united states congress foolishly gave 92 billion dollars for hurricane relief much
just returned to the white house from the great state of north carolina what a crowd and what great people the enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the radical left  # 2020 will be a big year for the republican party !
together we will continue unleashing the power of american enterprise so every american can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck with your help we will elect a republican congress to create a safe modern fair and lawful system of immigration !  # maga2020 
the united states house of representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the resolution on impeachment 332951 this is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project i have ever had to work on impeachment of your president who has led the
greatest economic boom in the history of our country the best job numbers biggest tax reduction rebuilt military and much more is now over this should never be allowed to happen to another president of the united states again !
new poll :  the rasmussen poll one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 election has just announced that “trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points to 50 thank you to the vicious young socialist congresswomen america will never buy your act maga2020
after a ten year search the socalled “mastermind” of the mumbai terror attacks has been arrested in pakistan great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him !
the democrats in congress are getting nothing done not on drug pricing not on immigration not on infrastructure not on nothing ! sooo much opportunity yet all they want to do is go “fishing” the american people are tired of the never ending witch hunt they want results now !
they are destroying the democrat party i’m appalled that so many of our presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse i’m entitled to say that they’re wack jobs”  louisiana senator john kennedy
“in america if you hate our country you are free to leave the simple fact of the matter is the four congresswomen think that america is wicked in its origins they think that america is even more wicked now that we are all racist and evil they’re entitled to their
visible members of the house democrats who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate the republican vote was 1874 wow ! also this was the first time since 1984 that the speaker of the house was ruled out of order and broke the rules of the house quite a day !
so great to see how unified the republican party was on today’s vote concerning statements i made about four democrat congresswomen if you really want to see statements look at the horrible things they said about our country israel and much more they are now the top most
yesterday it was my great honor to host our third annual made in america showcase at the  @ whitehouse 
those tweets were not racist i don’t have a racist bone in my body ! the socalled vote to be taken is a democrat con game republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap this should be a vote on the filthy language statements and lies told by the democrat
congresswomen who i truly believe based on their actions hate our country get a list of the horrible things they have said omar is polling at 8 cortez at 21 nancy pelosi tried to push them away but now they are forever wedded to the democrat party see you in 2020 !
our country is free beautiful and very successful if you hate our country or if you are not happy here you can leave !
if you come after the president the country the flag  he’s going to defend himself what the squad doesn’t like is that donald trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by congress” jason chaffetz also buy jason’s great new book power grab !
shouting of the fword among many other terrible things and the petrified dems run for the hills why isn’t the house voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said ? because they are the radical left and the democrats are afraid to take them on sad !
make america great again !
the obama administration built the cages not the trump administration ! democrats must give us the votes to change bad immigration laws
the dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives” but now they are forced to embrace them that means they are endorsing socialism hate of israel and the usa ! not good for the democrats !
detention facilities are not concentration camps ! america has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt military highest stock market ever lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before keep america great !
we will never be a socialist or communist country if you are not happy here you can leave ! it is your choice and your choice alone this is about love for america certain people hate our country
here we go with the fake polls just like what happened with the election against crooked hillary clinton abc nbc cnn  @ nytimes  @ washingtonpost they all got it wrong on purpose suppression polls so early ? they will never learn !
to impeach president trump on day one make them the face of the future of the democrat party you will destroy the democrat party their policies will destroy our country !”   @ lindseygrahamsc  need i say more ?
“we all know that aoc and this crowd are a bunch of communists they hate israel they hate our own country they’re calling the guards along our border the border patrol agents concentration camp guards they accuse people who support israel as doing it for the benjamin’s
they are antisemitic they are antiamerica we don’t need to know anything about them personally talk about their policies i think they are american citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting that the american people will reject
what does it mean for america to have free healthcare for illegal immigrants no criminalization of coming into our country  see how that works for controlling immigration ! they talk about israel like they’re a bunch of thugs not victims of the entire region they wanted
china’s 2nd quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years the united states tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave china for nontariffed countries thousands of companies are leaving this is why china wants to make a deal
we are doing great economically as a country number one despite the fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening much room to grow !
and the many terrible things they say about the united states must not be allowed to go unchallenged if the democrat party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020 !
so sad to see the democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our country and who in addition hate israel with a true and unbridled passion whenever confronted they call their adversaries including nancy pelosi “racist” their disgusting language
think what it would be without the 3 year witch hunt and fake  news  media in partnership with the democrats ! 
sorry can’t let them into our country if too crowded tell them not to come to usa and tell the dems to fix the loopholes  problem solved !
thank you so nice but we are getting it done anyway ! 
so interesting to see “progressive” democrat congresswomen who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe the worst most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world if they even have a functioning government at all now loudly
and viciously telling the people of the united states the greatest and most powerful nation on earth how our government is to be run why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came then come back and show us how
it is done these places need your help badly you can’t leave fast enough i’m sure that nancy pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements !
a big risk of major flooding in large parts of louisiana and all across the gulf coast please be very careful !
this is one of the most horrible abuses of all those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story illegal deletion by mueller they gave us “the insurance policy” 
leaving the great state of ohio ! 
alex was a great secretary of labor and his service is truly appreciated he will be replaced on an acting basis by pat pizzella the current deputy secretary
alex acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the administration which he so strongly believes in and he graciously tendered his resignation
companies to come to the usa and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home we  stupidly lost 30 of our auto business to mexico if the tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and fast but very happy with the deal i made
when you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years to a level that is not to be believed tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producer and  most importantly a powerful way to get
do you believe this kind of bravery ? amazing drug seizure watch ! 
each of yod.c.ulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the american people together you reach more people than any television broadcast by far !  # socialmediasummit 
similarly facebook libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability if facebook and other companies want to become a bank they must seek a new banking charter and become subject to all banking regulations just like other banks both national
and international we have only one real currency in the usa and it is stronger than ever both dependable and reliable it is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the world and it will always stay that way it is called the united states dollar !
i am not a fan of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies which are not money and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air unregulated crypto assets can facilitate unlawful behavior including drug trade and other illegal activity
today i am directing my administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of all americans we hope to see more transparency more accountability and more freedom !  # socialmediasummit 
years or maybe 10 or 14 just kidding they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public that’s why they will all be endorsing me at some point one way or the other could you imagine having sleepy joe biden or alfred e newman
or a very nervous and skinny version of pocahontas 1/1024th as your president rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true stable genius ! sorry to say that even social media would be driven out of business along with and finally the fake  news  media !
a big subject today at the white house social media summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies we will not let them get away with it much longer the fake  news  media will also be there but for a limited period
the fake  news  is not as important or as powerful as social media they have lost tremendous credibility since that day in november 2016 that i came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future first lady when i ultimately leave office in six
so happy that i was able to keep sikorsky helicopter in the great state of pennsylvania keep america great !
“it seems that the brits and the french and the germans are coming around to the idea that the iranians are up to no good !”  @ billhemmer  @ fox news 
mexico is doing great at the border but china is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great farmers that they said they would hopefully they will start soon !
will be a big and exciting day at the white house for social media !
now the democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with robert mueller and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing how many bites at the apple do they get before working on border loopholes and asylum they also want to interview the highly
conflicted and compromised mueller again he said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech and that he had nothing more to say outside of the no collusion no obstruction report enough already go back to work ! i won unanimously the big emoluments case yesterday !
and remember a bank that i did use years ago the now badly written about and maligned deutsche bank was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world ! they wanted my business and so did many others !
the fake  news  media loves the narrative that i didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me no i didn’t use many banks because i didn’t don’t need their money old fashioned isn’t it ? if i did it would have been very easy for me to get
robert johnson bet “i give the president a lot of credit for moving the economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of americans i think the tax cuts clearly helped stimulate the economy overall if you look at the us economy and you look at
the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth you’ve got to give the president an a plus for that”  thank you robert one of our great business leaders !
“nearly one million more blacks and two million more hispanics are employed than when barrack obama left office and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the trump presidency unemployment among black women has hovered near 5 for the last six
the pledge of allegiance to our great country in st louis park minnesota is under siege that is why i am going to win the great state of minnesota in the 2020 election people are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful usa !
the fake  news  is not as important or as powerful as social media they have lost tremendous credibility since that day in november 2016 that i came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future first lady when i ultimately leave office in six
years or maybe 10 or 14 just kidding they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public that’s why they will all be endorsing me at some point one way or the other could you imagine having sleepy joe biden or  @ alfredeneuman99
or a very nervous and skinny version of pocahontas 1000/24th as your president rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true stable genius ! sorry to say that even social media would be driven out of business along with and finally the fake  news  media !
a big subject today at the white house social media summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies we will not let them get away with it much longer the fake  news  media will also be there but for a limited period
the white house will be hosting a very big and very important social media summit today would i have become president without social media ? yes probably ! at its conclusion we will all go to the beautiful rose garden for a  news  conference on the census and citizenship
i was just informed by marillyn hewson ceo of lockheed martin of her decision to keep the sikorsky helicopter plant in coatesville pennsylvania open and humming ! we are very proud of pennsylvania and the people who work there
my administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of americans suffering from kidney disease today i signed an executive order advancing american kidney health
word just out that i won a big part of the deep state and democrat induced witch hunt unanimous decision in my favor from the united states court of appeals for the fourth circuit on the ridiculous emoluments case i don’t make money but lose a fortune for the honor of
serving and doing a great job as your president including accepting zero salary !
iran has long been secretly “enriching” in total violation of the terrible 150 billion dollar deal made by john kerry and the obama administration remember that deal was to expire in a short number of years sanctions will soon be increased substantially !
so now the obama appointed judge on the census case are you a citizen of the united states ? won’t let the justice department use the lawyers  that it wants to use could this be a first ?
more and more the radical left is using commerce to hurt their “enemy” they put out the name of a store brand or company and ask their socalled followers not to do business there they don’t care who gets hurt but also don’t understand that two can play that game !
to your favorite president me ! these people are vicious and totally crazed but remember there are far more great people “deplorables” in this country than bad do to them what they do to you fight for bernie marcus and home depot !
why would kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in congress the senate majority leader for a freshman senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party we need mitch in the senate to keep america great ! !
healthcare obamacare to stay in place when it would have been replaced by something far better shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 election is i have long heard that the appointment of supreme court justices is a president’s most important decision so true !
“with president trump at the helm not only is america getting great again but he’s going to make our estuaries our rivers our water  everything better  the things he is doing and done are just helping america tremendously” thank you to bruce hrobak  @ foxandfriends
outrage is growing in the great state of minnesota where our patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the pledge of allegiance i will be fighting with you !  @ foxandfriends
“i agree with the president the supreme court got it wrong there should be a question about citizenship on the census ag barr sees a pathway to add the citizenship question”  steve doocy  @ foxandfriends  working hard on something that should be so easy people are fed up !
the wacky ambassador that the uk foisted upon the united states is not someone we are thrilled with a very stupid guy he should speak to his country and prime minister may about their failed brexit negotiation and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was
and they are both only getting bigger better and strongerthank you mr president !
very good numbers on the economy much potential for growth trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation we have been treated very unfairly to put it mildly by other countries for many years but that is changing !
i have been very critical about the way the uk and prime minister theresa may handled brexit what a mess she and her representatives have created i told her how it should be done but she decided to go another way i do not know the ambassador but he is not liked or well
thought of within the us we will no longer deal with him the good  news  for the wonderful united kingdom is that they will soon have a new prime minister while i thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent state visit last month it was the queen who i was most impressed with !
brilliant constitutional lawyer dr john eastman said the special prosecutor mueller should have never been appointed in the first place the entire exercise was fundamentally illegal the witch hunt should never happen to another president of the us again a total scam ! 
their lowest rated show watch the  @ fox news  weekend daytime anchors who are terrible go after her big time that’s what they want  but it sure is not what the audience wants !
brought up not them because the dems won’t change the loopholes and asylum big media con job !
the fake  news  media in particular the failing  @ nytimes is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the border detention centers first of all people should not be entering our country illegally only for us to then have to care for them we should be allowed to focus on 
congratulations to the us women’s soccer team on winning the world cup ! great and exciting play america is proud of you all !
last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down but things have been and are being put in place that will drive them down substantially if dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion we would get big results very fast !
sleepy joe biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president ridiculously all democrats want to substantially raise taxes !
joe biden is a reclamation project some things are just not salvageable china and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him he deserted our military our law enforcement and our healthcare added more debt than all other presidents combined won’t win !
a wonderful man and great republican ! 
jerry will be getting the presidential medal of freedom well deserved ! 
our country is the envy of the world thank you mr president ! 
my deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert chris cline his wonderful daughter kameron and their friends on the tragic accident which took place in the bahamas the great people of west virginia will never forget them !
been fully briefed on earthquake in southern california all seems to be very much under control !
looks like a lot of people already heading to salute to america at lincoln memorial it will be well worth the trip and wait see you there at 6 : 00  pm  amazing music and bands thank you army !
people are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our country salute to america an all day event at the lincoln memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern
people are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our country salute to america an all day event at the lincoln memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern
so important for our country that the very simple and basic “are you a citizen of the united states ?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 census department of commerce and the department of justice are working very hard on this even on the 4th of july !
today’s stock market is the highest in the history of our great country ! this is the 104th time since the election of 2016 that we have reached a new high congratulations usa !
iran has just issued a new warning rouhani says that they will enrich uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new nuclear deal be careful with the threats iran they can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before !
mexico is doing a far better job than the democrats on the border thank you mexico !
if illegal immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers just tell them not to come all problems solved !
now if you really want to fix the crisis at the southern border both humanitarian and otherwise tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally and hopefully through a system based on merit this way we have no problems at all !
our border patrol people are not hospital workers doctors or nurses the democrats bad immigration laws which could be easily fixed are the problem great job by border patrol above and beyond many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they
the  news  reports about the department of commerce dropping its quest to put the citizenship question on the census is incorrect or to state it differently fake ! we are absolutely moving forward as we must because of the importance of the answer to this question
congratulations to navy seal eddie gallagher his wonderful wife andrea and his entire family you have been through much together glad i could help !
the cost of our great salute to america tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth we own the planes we have the pilots the airport is right next door andrews all we need is the fuel we own the tanks and all fireworks are donated by two of the greats nice !
china and europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with usa we should match or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games  as they have for many years !
we have the greatest economy anywhere in the world we have the greatest military anywhere in the world not bad !
our july 4th salute to america at the lincoln memorial is looking to be really big it will be the show of a lifetime !
iran was violating the 150 billion dollar plus 18 billion dollar in cash nuclear deal with the united states and others who paid nothing long before i became president  and they have now breached their stockpile limit not good !
a very sad time for america when the supreme court of the united states won’t allow a question of “is this person a citizen of the united states ?” to be asked on the  # 2020 census ! going on for a long time i have asked the department of commerce and the department of justice
to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions and this very important case to a successful conclusion usa ! usa ! usa !
judy is a founding member of the board of directors of empower america and has served on the board of directors of hilton hotels
the economy is the best it has ever been ! even much of the fake  news  is giving me credit for that !
as most people are aware according to the polls i won every debate including the three with crooked hillary clinton despite the fact that in the first debate they modulated the sound on me and got caught this crew looks somewhat easier than crooked but you never know ?
people are fleeing new york like never before if they own a business they are twice as likely to flee and if they are a victim of harassment by the ag of the state like what they are doing to our great nra which i think will move quickly to texas where they are loved
mark levin has written a big number one bestselling book called conspicuously and accurately “unfreedom of the press” it is a great book that tells it like it is fake  news  and all keep this book number one !
in the meantime our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems no rush but i am sure we will ultimately get there !
it was great being with chairman kim jong un of north korea this weekend we had a great meeting he looked really well and very healthy  i look forward to seeing him again soon
that’s right the trump foundation gave away 100 plus with zero rent or expenses charged and has been being sued by cuomo and new york state for years  another part of the political witch hunt just in case anyone is interested  clinton foundation never even looked at !
new york businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible so on top of ridiculously high taxes my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers no wonder people and businesses are fleeing new york in record numbers !
more money than it had going on for years originally brought by crooked hillary’s campaign chair ag eric schneiderman until forced to resign for abuse against women they never even looked at the disgusting clinton foundation now cuomo’s ag is harassing all of my
why president trump has to deal with north korea the way it is now he had to figure out what to do with the korea mess i think this is why the president deserves a lot of credit” harry kazianis center for the national interest thank you !
“in my opinion the president has done more good on the korean issue in the last year and a half than president obama did in eight years if you look at the strides they made during the obama years which advocated strategic patiencethey stuck their head in the sand this is
congratulations to prime minister abe of japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run g20 there wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made perfect ! the people of japan must be very proud of their prime minister
thank you to president moon of south korea for hosting the american delegation and me immediately following the very successful g20 in japan while there it was great to call on chairman kim of north korea to have our very well covered meeting good things can happen for all !
“stock had the best first half since 1997”  @ wallstreetjour  our country is doing great  the talk of the world !
so many amazing things happened over the last three days all or at least most of those things are great for the united states much was accomplished !
i am in south korea now president moon and i have “toasted” our new trade deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced today i will visit with and speak to our troops  and also go to the the dmz long planned my meeting with president moon went very well !
again with china as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one the quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed i am in no hurry but things look very good ! there will be no reduction in the tariffs currently being charged to china
amounts of agricultural product from our great farmers at the request of our high tech companies and president xi i agreed to allow chinese company huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  national security importantly we have opened up negotiations
i had a great meeting with president xi of china yesterday far better than expected i agreed not to increase the already existing tariffs that we charge china while we continue to negotiate china has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large
i am in south korea now president moon and i have “toasted” our new trade deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced today i will visit with and speak to our troops  and also go the the dmz long planned my meeting with president moon went very well !
again with china as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one the quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed i am in no hurry but things look very good ! their will be no reduction in the tariffs currently being charged to china
amounts of agricultural product from our great farmers at the request of our high tech companies and president xi i agreed to allow chinese company huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  national security importantly we have opened up negotiations
i had a great meeting with president xi of china yesterday far better than expected i agreed not to increase the already existing tariffs that we charge china while we continue to negotiate china has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large
after some very important meetings including my meeting with president xi of china i will be leaving japan for south korea with president moon while there if chairman kim of north korea sees this i would meet him at the border/dmz just to shake his hand and say hello ? !
54 in poll ! i would be at 75 with our great economy maybe the best ever if not for the phony witch hunt and the fake  news  media !
i am in japan at the g20 representing our country well but i heard it was not a good day for sleepy joe or crazy bernie one is exhausted the other is nuts  so what’s the big deal ?
the stock market went up massively from the day after i won the election all the way up to the day that i took office because of the enthusiasm for the fact that i was going to be president that big stock market increase must be credited to me if hillary won  a big crash !
all democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare how about taking care of american citizens first ! ? that’s the end of that race !
great to be back in japan for the  # g20osakasummit
bipartisan humanitarian aid bill for the southern border just passed a great job done by all ! now we must work to get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum thank you also to mexico for the work being done on helping with illegal immigration  a very big difference !
seems totally ridiculous that our government and indeed country cannot ask a basic question of citizenship in a very expensive detailed and important census in this case for 2020 i have asked the lawyers if they can delay the census no matter how long until the
united states supreme court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter can anyone really believe that as a great country we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a citizen only in america !
i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india for years having put very high tariffs against the united states just recently increased the tariffs even further this is unacceptable and the tariffs must be withdrawn !
just stopped in alaska and said hello to our great troops ! 
 @ nbc news  and  @ msnbc should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate truly unprofessional and only worthy of a fake  news  organization which they are !
they came to me asking for help and i got criminal justice reform passed with help from both republicans and democrats many said that nobody but president trump could have done this all previous administrations failed please ask why they failed to the candidates !
ever since the passage of the super predator crime bill pushed hard by  @ joebiden together with bill and crooked hillary clinton which inflicted great pain on many but especially the african american community democrats have tried and failed to pass criminal justice reform
and all of the others who have leaked lied and did so many other terrible things ? how is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward ? because it is a rigged democrat con game and the fake and corrupt media loves every minute of it !
no collusion no obstruction ! robert mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute  news  conference as later corrected now the dems want to  give it another try does it ever end ?
“i have been in office for many years the military is very important to me and at no time in my professional life has the us military been as strong as it is right now” thank you  @ lindseygrahamsc
the democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very dangerous immigration laws it can be done instantly !
the democrats should change the loopholes and asylum laws so lives will be saved at our southern border they said it was not a crisis at the border that it was all just “manufactured” now they admit that i was right  but they must do something about it fix the laws now !
in our country’s history and the poverty index is also best number ever leagues and teams love coming to the white house i am a big fan of the american team and women’s soccer but megan should win first before she talks ! finish the job ! we haven’t yet
women’s soccer player  @ mpinoe just stated that she is “not going to the fing white house if we win” other than the nba which now refuses to call owners owners please explain that i just got criminal justice reform passed black unemployment is at the lowest level
women’s soccer player  @ meganrapino just stated that she is “not going to the fing white house if we win” other than the nba which now refuses to call owners owners please explain that i just got criminal justice reform passed black unemployment is at the lowest level
in our country’s history and the poverty index is also best number ever leagues and teams love coming to the white house i am a big fan of the american team and women’s soccer but megan should win first before she talks ! finish the job ! we haven’t yet
too bad the dems in congress won’t do anything at all about border security they want open borders which means crime but we are getting it done including building the wall ! more people than ever before are coming because the usa economy is so good the best in history
senator thom tillis of north carolina has really stepped up to the plate thom is tough on crime strong on the border and fights hard against illegal immigration he loves our military our vets and our great second amendment i give thom my full and total endorsement !
staff sgt david bellavia  today we honor your extraordinary courage we salute your selfless service and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of american valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world ! 
a brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior senator martha mcsally of arizona has done an outstanding job in dc and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way
martha is strong on crime and borders the 2nd amendment and loves our military and vets she has my complete and total endorsement !
iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion” they never have sadly the thing they do understand is strength and power and the usa is by far the most powerful military force in the world with 15 trillion dollars invested over the last two years alone
stock market is heading for one of the best months june in the history of our country thank you mr president !
i am pleased to announce the launch of 
a dangerous journey we don’t even need to be there in that the us has just become by far the largest producer of energy anywhere in the world ! the us request for iran is very simple  no nuclear weapons and no further sponsoring of terror !
when our country had no debt and built everything from highways to the military with cash we had a big system of tariffs now we allow other countries to steal our wealth treasure and jobs  but no more ! the usa is doing great with unlimited upside into the future !
i want to give the democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to asylum and loopholes this will fix the southern border together with the help that mexico is now giving us probably won’t happen but worth a try two weeks and big deportation begins !
i never called the strike against iran “back” as people are incorrectly reporting i just stopped it from going forward at this time !
at the request of democrats i have delayed the illegal immigration removal process deportation for two weeks to see if the democrats and republicans can get together and work out a solution to the asylum and loophole problems at the southern border if not deportations start !
sanctions come off iran and they become a productive and prosperous nation again  the sooner the better !
iran cannot have nuclear weapons ! under the terrible obama plan they would have been on their way to nuclear in a short number of years and existing verification is not acceptable we are putting major additional sanctions on iran on monday i look forward to the day that
looking good we must win to keep america great ! 
when people come into our country illegally they will be deported !
death to america i terminated deal which was not even ratified by congress and imposed strong sanctions they are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my presidency when they were causing major problems throughout the middle east now they are bust !
president obama made a desperate and terrible deal with iran  gave them 150 billion dollars plus i8 billion dollars in cash ! iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out gave them a free path to nuclear weapons and soon instead of saying thank you iran yelled
“the president has a really good story to tell we have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades we have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force we are in a record growth period” michael steel  @ msnbc do you believe ?
asking hillary clinton why she deleted and acid washed her emails after getting a subpoena from congress ? anybody else would be in jail for that yet the dems refuse to even bring it up rigged house committee
if i didn’t have the phony witch hunt going on for 3 years and if the fake  news  media and their partner in crime the democrats would have played it straight i would be way up in the polls right now  with our economy winning by 20 points but i’m winning anyway !
33000 emails that hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed after getting a subpoena from congress ? that is real obstruction that the dems want no part of because their hearings are rigged and a disgrace to our country !
the dems are very unhappy with the mueller report so after almost 3 years they want a redo or do over this is extreme presidential harassment they gave crooked hillary’s people complete immunity yet now they bring back hope hicks why aren’t the dems looking at the
in the ultimate act of moral cowardice not one democrat candidate for president  not a single one  has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ice and border patrol they don’t have the character the virtue or the spine !  # trump2020 
on no issue are democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to border security the democrat agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible it is the great betrayal of the american middle class and our country as a whole !  # trump2020 
together we are breaking the most sacred rule in washington politics :  we are keeping our promises to the american people because my only special interest is you !  # trump2020 
acting secretary of defense patrick shanahan who has done a wonderful job has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family
i thank pat for his outstanding service and will be naming secretary of the army mark esper to be the new acting secretary of defense i know mark and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job !
had a very good telephone conversation with president xi of china we will be having an extended meeting next week at the g20 in japan our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting
the fake  news  doesn’t report it but republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high look what is going on in orlando florida right now ! people have never seen anything like it unless you play a guitar going to be wild  see you later !
mario draghi just announced more stimulus could come which immediately dropped the euro against the dollar making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the usa they have been getting away with this for years along with china and others
the story in the  @ nytimes about the us escalating attacks on russia’s power grid is fake  news  and the failing new york times knows it they should immediately release their sources which if they exist at all which i doubt are phony times must be held fully accountable !
thousands of people are already lined up in orlando some two days before tomorrow nights big rally large screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25000 capacity arena it will be a very exciting evening ! make america great again !
next week ice will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the united states they will be removed as fast as they come in mexico using their strong immigration laws is doing a very good job of stopping people
long before they get to our southern border guatemala is getting ready to sign a safethird agreement the only ones who won’t do anything are the democrats in congress they must vote to get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum ! if so border crisis will end quickly !
only fake polls show us behind the motley crew we are looking really good but it is far too early to be focused on that much work to do ! make america great again !
rep alexandria ocasiocortez “i think we have a very real risk of losing the presidency to donald trump” i agree and that is the only reason they play the impeach card which cannot be legally used !
almost 70 in new poll say don’t impeach so ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side they can’t win the election fairly !
if republicans ever did that to the democrats there would be all hell to pay it would be a scandal like no other !
when will the fake  news  media start asking democrats if they are ok with the hiring of christopher steele a foreign agent paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc to dig up “dirt” and write a phony dossier against the presidential candidate of the opposing party
happy father’s day to all including my worst and most vicious critics of which there are fewer and fewer this is a fantastic time to be an american ! keep america great !
a poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful  news paper the failing new york times or the amazon lobbyist washington post ! they are both a disgrace to our country the enemy of the people but i just can’t seem to figure out which is worse ? the good
yesterday was the radical left democrats big impeachment day they worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem  almost nobody showed up “the media admits low turnout for antitrump rallies”  @ fox news   “all around the country people are
also not true ! anything goes with our corrupt  news  media today they will do or say whatever it takes with not even the slightest thought of consequence ! these are true cowards and without doubt the enemy of the people !
do you believe that the failing new york times just did a story stating that the united states is substantially increasing cyber attacks on russia this is a virtual act of treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story any story even if bad for our country
misleading in that i personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews i do have a few other things to do you know ! think i will do many more network interviews as i did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no president has done what i have in
the first 2 1/2 years of his presidency including the fact that we have one of the best economies in the history of our country it is called earned media in any event enjoy the show !
the first 2 1/2 years of his presidency including the fact that we have one of the best economies in the history of our country it is called earned media in any event enjoy the show !
misleading in that i personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews i do have a few other things to do you know ! think i will do many more network interviews as i did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no president has done what i have in
he is a national disgrace who is destroying the city of london ! 
the corrupt  news  media is totally out of control  they have given up and don’t even care anymore mainstream media has zero credibility  total losers !
the trump economy is setting records and has a long way up to gohowever if anyone but me takes over in 2020 i know the competition very well there will be a market crash the likes of which has not been seen before ! keep america great
despite the greatest presidential harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our country we are doing great in the polls even better than in 2016 and will be packed at the tuesday announcement rally in orlando florida keep america great !
while pennsylvania is booming i don’t want there to be even a little glitch in coatesville – every job counts i want lockhead to boom along with it !
the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people !  # maga 
the radical left dems are working hard but the people are much smarter working hard thank you ! 
today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job live a crimefree life and succeed beyond their dreams
after 3 1/2 years our wonderful sarah huckabee sanders will be leaving the white house at the end of the month and going home to the great state of arkansas
she is a very special person with extraordinary talents who has done an incredible job ! i hope she decides to run for governor of arkansas  she would be fantastic sarah thank you for a job well done !
while i very much appreciate  pm  abe going to iran to meet with ayatollah ali khamenei i personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal they are not ready and neither are we !
while i very much appreciate  pm  abe going to iran to meet with ayatollah ali khamenei i personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal they are not ready and neither are we !
which he is a member when  @ repadamschiff took calls from another person also very successfully purporting to be a russian operative did he call the fbi or even think to call the fbi ? no ! the fact is that the phony witch hunt is a giant scam where democrats
i meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day i just met with the queen of england uk the prince of wales the  pm  of the united kingdom the  pm  of ireland the president of france and the president of poland we talked about “everything !” should i immediately
call the fbi about these calls and meetings ? how ridiculous ! i would never be trusted again with that being said my full answer is rarely played by the fake  news  media they purposely leave out the part that matters
call the fbi about these calls and meetings ? how ridiculous ! i would never be trusted again with that being said my full answer is rarely played by the fake  news  media they purposely leave out the part that matters
i meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day i just met with the queen of england uk the prince of whales the  pm  of the united kingdom the  pm  of ireland the president of france and the president of poland we talked about “everything !” should i immediately
the dems fight us at every turn  in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people ! they have gone absolutely “loco” or unhinged as they like to say !
much tougher game than the republicans did when they had the house majority republicans will remember ! “this has already been argued before the us supreme court but the house doesn’t want to wait this is a common thread between all of the committees  do whatever you
thank you very much ! 
is  if spell ! not like chris 
our farmers deserve this they are great ! 
the fake  news  has never been more dishonest than it is today thank goodness we can fight back on social media their new weapon of choice is fake polling sometimes referred to as suppression polls they suppress the numbers had it in 2016 but this is worse
wow ! just got word that our june 18th tuesday announcement in orlando florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat arena with all of the big events that we have done this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all see you in florida !
the fake  news  has never been more dishonest than it is today thank goodness we can fight back on social media there new weapon of choice is fake polling sometimes referred to as suppression polls they suppress the numbers had it in 2016 but this is worse
wow ! just got word that our june 18th tuesday announcement in orlando florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat arena with all of the big events that we have done this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all see you in florida !
beautiful afternoon in iowa thank you to all of our nation’s farmers may god bless you and may god bless america ! 
good day in the stock market people have no idea the tremendous potential our country has for growth  and many other things !
if mexico produces which i think they will biggest part of deal with mexico has not yet been revealed ! china is similar except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25 tariff so far little effect to consumer companies will relocate to us
companies to come to the usa and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home we stupidly lost 30 of our auto business to mexico if the tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and pass but very happy with the deal i made
maria dagan steve stuart v  when you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years to a level that is not to be believed tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producers and  most importantly a powerful way to get
this is because the euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the us at a big disadvantage the fed interest rate way too high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening ! they don’t have a clue ! 
the united states has very low inflation a beautiful thing !
this is because the euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the us at a big disadvantage the fed interest rate way to high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening ! they don’t have a clue ! 
sad when you think about it but mexico right now is doing more for the united states at the border than the democrats in congress !  @ foxandfriends
investigation in the senate they can talk to john dean until the cows come home we’re not doing anything in the senate regarding the mueller report we are going to harden our infrastructure against 2020 !”  @ lindseygrahamsc
“mueller has spoken he found no collusion between the trump campaign and the russians the bottom line is what the democrat house is doing is trying to destroy the trump presidency which has been a tremendous success and i can assure you that we’re done with the mueller
despite the phony witch hunt we will continue to make america great again ! thank you ! 
i have been briefed on the helicopter crash in new york city phenomenal job by our great first responders who are currently on the scene thank you for all you do 24/7/365 ! the trump administration stands ready should you need anything at all
when will the failing new york times admit that their front page story on the  the new mexico deal at the border is a fraud and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me something that has been going on since the first day i announced for the presidency ! sick journalism
we have fully signed and documented another very important part of the immigration and security deal with mexico one that the us has been asking about getting for many years it will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by mexico’s legislative body !
we do not anticipate a problem with the vote but if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming tariffs will be reinstated !
now with our new deal mexico is doing more for the usa on illegal immigration than the democrats in fact the democrats are doing nothing they want open borderswhich means illigal immigration drugs and crime
the failing  @ nytimes story on mexico and illegal immigration through our southern border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue bad reporting and the paper is embarrassed by it the only problem is that they knew it was fake  news  before it went out corrupt media !
for two years all the democrats talked about was the mueller report because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 angry democrat trump haters later increased to 18 but despite the bias when the report came out the findings were no collusion and facts that led to
no obstruction the dems were devastated  after all this time and money spent $40000000 the mueller report was a disaster for them but they want a redo or do over they are even bringing in  @ cnn sleazebag attorney john dean sorry no do overs  go back to work !
twitter should let the banned conservative voices back onto their platform without restriction it’s called freedom of speech remember you are making a giant mistake !
another false report in the failing   @ nytimes we have been trying to get some of these border actions for a long time as have other administrations but were not able to get them or get them in full until our signed agreement with mexico additionally and for many years
mexico was not being cooperative on the border in things we had or didn’t have and now i have full confidence especially after speaking to their president yesterday that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done importantly some things
i know it is not at all “presidential” to hit back at the corrupt media or people who work for the corrupt media when they make false statements about me or the trump administration problem is if you don’t hit back people believe the fake  news  is true so we’ll hit back !
other than to know he was and is a total loser when he makes statements about me they are made up he knows nothing !
watched msnbc this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week such lies almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth fake  news  ! no wonder their ratings along with cnn are way down the hatred comcast has is amazing !
i would like to thank the president of mexico andres manuel lopez obrador and his foreign minister marcelo ebrard together with all of the many representatives of both the united states and mexico for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed !
everyone very excited about the new deal with mexico !
mexico will try very hard and if they do that this will be a very successful agreement for both the united states and mexico !
i am pleased to inform you that the united states of america has reached a signed agreement with mexico the tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the us on monday against mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to
stem the tide of migration through mexico and to our southern border this is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate illegal immigration coming from mexico and into the united states details of the agreement will be released shortly by the state department thank you !
i am pleased to inform you that the united states of america has reached a signed agreement with mexico the tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the us on monday against mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to
stem the tide of migration through mexico and to our southern border this is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate illegal immigration coming from mexico and into the united states details of the agreement will be released shortly be the state department thank you !
dow jones has best week of the year !
heading back to dc many great things are happening for our country !
for all of the money we are spending nasa should not be talking about going to the moon  we did that 50 years ago they should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing including mars of which the moon is a part defense and science !
democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid immigration bill !
china is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the usa many firms are leaving china for other countries including the united states in order to avoid paying the tariffs no visible increase in costs or inflation but us is taking in billions !
just signed disaster aid bill to help americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms so important for our great american farmers and ranchers help for ga fl ia ne nc and ca puerto rico should love president trump without me they would have been shut out ! 
to the men who sit behind me and to the boys who rest in the field before me :  your example will never grow old your legend will never tire and your spirit  brave unyielding and true  will never die !  # dday75thanniversary 
today we remember those who fell and we honor all who fought here in normandy they won back this ground for civilization to more than 170 veterans of the second world war who join us today :  you are among the very greatest americans who will ever live !  # dday75thanniversary 
so sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our great west point cadets we mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured god bless them all !
a big and beautiful day today !
talks with mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that if no agreement is reached tariffs at the 5 level will begin on monday with monthly increases as per schedule the higher the tariffs go the higher the number of companies that will move back to the usa !
if the totally corrupt media was less corrupt i would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe best ever ! if the corrupt media was actually fair i would be up by 25 points nevertheless despite the fake  news  we’re doing great !
could not have been treated more warmly in the united kingdom by the royal family or the people our relationship has never been better and i see a very big trade deal down the road “this trip has been an incredible success for the president”  @ ingrahamangle
if the totally corrupt media was less corrupt i would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe best ever ! if the corrup media was actually fair i would be up by 25 points nevertheless despite the fake  news  we’re doing great !
plagiarism charge against sleepy joe biden on his ridiculous climate change plan is a big problem but the corrupt media will save him his other problem is that he is drawing flies not people to his rallies nobody is showing up i mean nobody you can’t win without people !
washed up psycho  @ bettemidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad she got caught just like the fake  news  media gets caught a sick scammer !
just had a big victory in federal court over the democrats in the house on the desperately needed border wall a big step in the right direction wall is under construction !
house just passed the 191 billion dollar disaster aid bill great now we will get it done in the senate ! farmers puerto rico and all will be very happy
as a sign of good faith mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our southern border they can do it if they want !
russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from venezuela
london part of trip is going really well the queen and the entire royal family have been fantastic the relationship with the united kingdom is very strong tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our country haven’t seen any protests yet but i’m sure the
fake  news  will be working hard to find them great love all around also big trade deal is possible once uk gets rid of the shackles already starting to talk !
i believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to  @ att they would be forced to make big changes at  @ cnn which is dying in the ratings anyway it is so unfair with such bad fake  news  ! why wouldn’t they act when the world watches  @ cnn it gets a false picture of usa sad !
china is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the usa many firms are leaving china for other countries including the united states in order to avoid paying the tariffs no visible increase in costs or inflation but us is taking billions !
kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent mayor of nyc de blasio who has also done a terrible job  only half his height in any event i look forward to being a great friend to the united kingdom and am looking very much forward to my visit landing now !
 @ sadiqkhan who by all accounts has done a terrible job as mayor of london has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting president of the united states by far the most important ally of the united kingdom he is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in london not me
kevin hassett who has done such a great job for me and the administration will be leaving shortly his very talented replacement will be named as soon as i get back to the us i want to thank kevin for all he has done  he is a true friend !
hearing word that russia syria and to a lesser extent iran are bombing the hell out of idlib province in syria and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians the world is watching this butchery what is the purpose what will it get you ? stop !
democrats can’t impeach a republican president for crimes committed by democrats the facts are “pouring” in the greatest witch hunt in american history ! congress go back to work and help us at the border with drug prices and on infrastructure
mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the border problem is they’ve been “talking” for 25 years we want action not talk they could solve the border crisis in one day if they so desired otherwise our companies and jobs are coming back to the usa !
peggy noonan the simplistic writer for trump haters all is stuck in the past glory of reagan and has no idea what is happening with the radical left democrats or how vicious and desperate they are mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement peggy never understood it !
no collusion no obstruction no nothing ! “what the democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business” david rivkin constitutional scholar meantime the dems are getting nothing done in congress they are frozen stiff get back to work much to do !
the wall is under construction and moving along quickly despite all of the radical liberal democrat lawsuits what are they thinking as our country is invaded by so many people illegals and things drugs that we do not want make america great again !
people have been saying for years that we should talk to mexico the problem is that mexico is an “abuser” of the united states taking but never giving it has been this way for decades either they stop the invasion of our country by drug dealers cartels human traffickers
coyotes and illegal immigrants which they can do very easily or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move south of the border will be brought back into the united states through taxation tariffs america has had enough !
the democrats are doing nothing on the border to address the humanitarian and national security crisis ! could be fixed so easily if they would vote with republicans to fix the loopholes
we will all stick together and win ! thank you franklin 
thank you so much franklin ! 
when you are the “piggy bank” nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years the word tariff is a beautiful word indeed ! others must treat the united states fairly and with respect  we are no longer the “fools” of the past !
washington post got it wrong as usual the us is charging 25 against 250 billion dollars of goods shipped from china not 200 bd also china is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming devalue their currency yet companies are moving to
emmet flood who came to the white house to help me with the mueller report will be leaving service on june 14th he has done an outstanding job – no collusion  no obstruction ! case closed ! emmet is my friend and i thank him for the great job he has done
spoke to virginia governor  @ ralphnortham last night and the mayor and vice mayor of virginia beach this morning to offer condolences to that great community the federal government is there and will be for whatever they may need god bless the families and all !
as we celebrate lgbt pride month and recognize the outstanding contributions lgbt people have made to our great nation let us also stand in solidarity with the many lgbt people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish imprison or even execute individuals
on the basis of their sexual orientation my administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort !
in order not to pay tariffs if they start rising companies will leave mexico which has taken 30 of our auto industry and come back home to the usa mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels the tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals !
mexico has taken advantage of the united states for decades because of the dems our immigration laws are bad mexico makes a fortune from the us have for decades they can easily fix this problem time for them to finally do what must be done !
hard to believe that with the crisis on the border the dems won’t do the quick and easy fix would solve the problem but they want open borders which equals crime !
at which time the tariffs will be removed details from the white house to follow
on june 10th the united states will impose a 5 tariff on all goods coming into our country from mexico until such time as illegal migrants coming through mexico and into our country stop the tariff will gradually increase until the illegal immigration problem is remedied
the navy put out a disclaimer on the mccain story looks like the story was an exaggeration or even fake  news   but why not everything else is !
just arrived in colorado getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the air force academy graduation very exciting  probably will be broadcast live on tv they want good ratings !
very sad to hear the  news  on the passing of my friend senator thad cochran he was a real senator with incredible values  even flew back to senate from mississippi for important healthcare vote when he was desperately ill thad never let our country or me down !
robert mueller came to the oval office along with other potential candidates seeking to be named the director of the fbi he had already been in that position for 12 years i told him no the next day he was named special counsel  a total conflict of interest nice !
russia russia russia ! that’s all you heard at the beginning of this witch hunt hoaxand now russia has disappeared because i had nothing to do with russia helping me to get elected it was a crime that didn’t exist so now the dems and their partner the fake  news  media
russia russia russia ! that’s all you heard at the beginning of this witch hunt hoaxand now russia has disappeared because i had nothing to do with russia helping me to get elected it was a crime that didn’t exist so now the dems and their partner the fake  news  media
the greatest presidential harassment in history after spending $40000000 over two dark years with unlimited access people resources and cooperation highly conflicted robert mueller would have brought charges if he had anything but there were no charges to bring !
i was not informed about anything having to do with the navy ship uss john s mccain during my recent visit to japan nevertheless  @ flotus and i loved being with our great military men and women  what a spectacular job they do !
how do you impeach a republican president for a crime that was committed by the democrats ? witchhunt !
nothing changes from the mueller report there was insufficient evidence and therefore in our country a person is innocent the case is closed ! thank you
if alabama does not elect a republican to the senate in 2020 many of the incredible gains that we have made during my presidency may be lost including our prolife victories roy moore cannot win and the consequences will be devastatingjudges and supreme court justices !
republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the senate seat in the great state of alabama this time it will be for six years not just two i have nothing against roy moore and unlike many other republican leaders wanted him to win but he didn’t and probably won’t
just spoke to governor  @ asahutchinson of the great state of arkansas to inform him that fema and the federal government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be record flooding asa and local officials are doing a great job !
 @ govmikedewine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck ohio early this morning my administration fully supports the people of the great state of ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery
storms overnight across ohio and many other states were very dangerous and damaging my team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the states affected listen to your local officials and be resilient we are with you !
spoke with  @ govstitt of oklahoma last night from japan because of the devastating tornadoes told him that  @ fema and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of oklahoma
can’t wait to see you all soon ! 
i will be making two stops this morning in japan to visit with our great military then a quick stop in alaska and back to dc meetings with prime minister abe went very well and getting to spend time with the new emperor and empress of japan was a great honor !
super predator was the term associated with the 1994 crime bill that sleepy joe biden was so heavily involved in passing that was a dark period in american history but has sleepy joe apologized ? no !
anyone associated with the 1994 crime bill will not have a chance of being elected in particular african americans will not be ble to vote for you i on the other hand was responsible for criminal justice reform which had tremendous support and helped fix the bad 1994 bill !
hoping things will work out with israel's coalition formation and bibi and i can continue to make the alliance between america and israel stronger than ever a lot more to do !
the dems are getting nothing done in congress ! they only want a doover on mueller !
impeach for what having created perhaps the greatest economy in our country’s history rebuilding our military taking care of our vets choice judges best jobs numbers ever and much more ? dems are obstructionists ! 
 @ ianbremmer now admits that he made up “a completely ludicrous quote” attributing it to me this is what’s going on in the age of fake  news  people think they can say anything and get away with it really the libel laws should be changed to hold fake  news  media accountable !
great evening last night thank you ! 
great progress being made in our trade negotiations with japan agriculture and beef heavily in play much will wait until after their july elections where i anticipate big numbers !
great fun and meeting with prime minister  @ abeshinzo numerous japanese officials told me that the democrats would rather see the united states fail than see me or the republican party succeed  death wish !
in addition to great incompetence and corruption the smollett case in chicago is also about a hate crime remember “maga country did it !” that turned out to be a total lie had nothing to do with “maga country” serious stuff and not even an apology to millions of people !
thank you john so nice ! 
another activist obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the southern wall that is already under construction this is a ruling against border security and in favor of crime drugs and human trafficking we are asking for an expedited appeal !
getting ready to land in japan with first lady melania we look forward to seeing everyone soon ? ? ?
can’t believe that rolling thunder would be given a hard time with permits in washington dc they are great patriots who i have gotten to know and see in action they love our country and love our flag if i can help i will !
democrat senator mark warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the senate intelligence committee their is nothing bipartisan about him he should not be allowed to take “command” of that committee too important ! remember when he spoke to the russian jokester ?
the real trade war began 30 years ago and we lost this is a bright new age the age of enlightenment we don’t lose anymore ! 
the dems want a second shot at bob mueller are very unhappy with the no collusion report they should not be allowed to play this game any longer  no second chances  must get back to work so bad for our country !
with many more to come and 2 supreme court justices  we are getting into record territory ! thank you all and have a great memorial day weekend
mitch mcconnell and our republican senators have been very solid and strong we have accomplished a great deal together in particular with our courts 107 federal judges
departed the  @ whitehouse and am now on air force one with the first lady heading to japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the united states his majesty the emperor of japan i will also be discussing trade and military with my friend prime minister  @ abeshinzo 
i am on air force one with the first lady heading to japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the united states his majesty the emperor of japan i will also be discussing trade and military with my friend prime minister  @ abeshinzo
just spoke to prime minister  @ narendramodi where i congratulated him on his big political victory he is a great man and leader for the people of india  they are lucky to have him !
“if they try to impeach president trump who has done nothing wrong no collusion they will end up getting him reelected”  @ lindseygrahamsc impeachment is for high crimes and misdemeanors there were no high crimes and misdemeanors except for those committed by the other side !
when is twitter going to allow the very popular conservative voices that it has so viciously shut down back into the open ? it is time !
wow ! cnn ratings are way down record lows people are getting tired of so many fake stories and antitrump lies chris cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot  which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television don lemon !
today’s action will help ensure that all americans learn the truth about the events that occurred and the actions that were taken during the last presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions”  @ presssec
we will never forget our fallen heroes it was our great honor to be with you today !  # flagsin 
congratulations to prime minister  @ narendramodi and his bjp party on their big election victory ! great things are in store for the usindia partnership with the return of  pm  modi at the helm i look forward to continuing our important work together !
 @ nws and  @ usacehq are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in oklahoma listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe we are with you !
our hearts go out to the people of missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms you are strong and resilient and we are here to assist 
when the democrats in congress refinish for the 5th time their fake work on their very disappointing mueller report finding they will have the time to get the real work of the people done move quickly !
rex tillerson a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be secretary of state made up a story he got fired that i was outprepared by vladimir putin at a meeting in hamburg germany i don’t think putin would agree look how the us is doing !
the democrats have become known as the do nothing party !
the democrats are getting nothing done in congress all of their effort is about a redo of the mueller report which didn’t turn out the way they wanted it is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time their heart is not into infrastructure lower
democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the border they don’t want to do anything open borders and crime !
zero is getting done with the democrats in charge of the house all they want to do is put the mueller report behind them and start all over again no doovers !
in a letter to her house colleagues nancy pelosi said :  “president trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see” this is not true i was purposely very polite and calm much as i was minutes later with the press in the rose garden can be easily proven it is all such a lie !
democrat leadership is tearing the united states apart but i will continue to set records for the american people – and nancy thank you so much for your prayers i know you truly mean it !
but they really want a doover ! you can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously  it just doesn’t work that way you can’t go down two tracks at the same time let chuck nancy jerry adam and all of the rest finish playing their games
in the meantime my administration is achieving things that have never been done before including unleashing perhaps the greatest economy in our country’s history
so sad that nancy pelosi and chuck schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our country they can continue the witch hunt which has already cost $40m and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in america or get back to work
as i have long been saying and has now been proven out this is a witch hunt against the republican party and myself and it was the other side that caused the problem not us !
“the democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases they ought to start governing you know for a change”  michael goodwin  @ newyorkpost
everybody including me thought that when the 40 million dollar mueller report was released with no collusion and no obstruction of a crime caused by others that was the end but no the democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020 bad for the country !
much of the wall being built at the southern border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new wall and footings problem is the haters say that is not a new wall but rather a renovation wrong and we must build where most needed
also tremendous work is being done on pure renovation  fixing existing walls that are in bad condition and ineffective and bringing them to a very high standard !
the democrats are getting zero work done in congress all they are focused on is trying to prove the mueller report wrong the witch hunt !
after two years of an expensive and comprehensive witch hunt the democrats don’t like the result and they want a do over in other words the witch hunt continues !
everything the democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them especially when the mueller report came back with a no collusion finding now they say impeach president trump even though he did nothin wrong while they “fish !”
great  news  for republicans :  fred keller has just won the hard fought for pennsylvania congressional contest in a landslide over 70 of the vote thanks to the thousands who showed up for the rally last night congratulations to fred and his wonderful family !
john brennan on the mueller probe “i don’t know if i received bad information but i think i suspected that there was more than there actually was” wow he admits he was wrong ! congress should go back to work on drug prices etc
the democrats are on a fishing expedition wanting to interview the same people and see the same things as we just went through for two years with robert mueller and the 18 angry dems never happened to a president before never even happened to president obama !
shahira knight has done a wonderful job as my legislative affairs director at the white house she was outstanding for us and for our country  will be a tremendous success in the private sector !
johnny we will miss you – you did a great job ! 
at a conclusion of no collusion and no obstruction ! the dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40m mueller report so now they want a doover
to the great people of kentucky please go out and vote for matt bevin today very important he has done a fantastic job for you and america !  # maga
megan king who is running for superior court judge in the pennsylvania election has my full and total endorsement she is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law vote for megan tomorrow tuesday
fred keller of the great state of pennsylvania has been an outstanding state representative now he is running as the republican nominee for congress and has my complete and total endorsement he will do a fantastic job  i look forward to seeing everyone tonight !  # maga
the fake  news  put out a typically false statement without any knowledge that the united states was trying to set up a negotiation with iran this is a false report
iran will call us if and when they are ever ready in the meantime their economy continues to collapse  very sad for the iranian people !
looks like bernie sanders is history sleepy joe biden is pulling ahead and think about it i’m only here because of sleepy joe and the man who took him off the 1 trash heap president o ! china wants sleepy joe badly !
why are the democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by crooked hillary and the phony russia investigation ? they would get back their credibility jerry nadler schiff  would have a whole new future open to them perhaps they could even run for president !
was very good and highly professional to deal with  and if for any reason i didn’t like them i would have gone elsewherethere was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from they would be very happy to take my money fake  news  !
the failing new york times it will pass away when i leave office in 6 years and others of the fake  news  media keep writing phony stories about how i didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me wrong ! it is because i didn’t need money very old
fashioned but true when you don’t need or want money you don’t need or want banks banks have always been available to me they want to make money fake media only says this to disparage and always uses unnamed sources because their sources don’t even exist
the mainstream media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today fake  news  is actually the biggest story of all and is the true enemy of the people ! that’s why they refuse to cover the real russia hoax but the american people are wise to what is going on
now the new big story is that trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash he doesn’t need banks but where did he get all of that cash ? could it be russia ? no i built a great business and don’t need banks but if i did they would be thereand deutschebank
the mainstream media hates to cover this ! 
starting monday our great farmers can begin doing business again with mexico and canada they have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product please be sure that you are treated fairly any complaints should immediately go to   @ secretarysonny perdue !
hard to believe that  @ fox news  is wasting airtime on mayor pete as chris wallace likes to call him fox is moving more and more to the losing wrong side in covering the dems they got dumped from the democrats boring debates and they just want in they forgot the people
who got them there chris wallace said “i actually think whether you like his opinions or not that mayor pete has a lot of substancefascinating biography” gee he never speaks well of me  i like mike wallace betterand alfred e newman will never be president !
if iran wants to fight that will be the official end of iran never threaten the united states again !
false reporting yesterday “there are no plans to send migrants to northern or coastal border facilities including florida”  @ fox news   not by airplanes or any other way our country is full will not and can not take you in !
our economy and jobs market is booming the best in the world and in our country’s history  and we have just started !
watched some of the fake  news  political shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way the mainstream media should be ashamed of itself  but the good  news  is that the usa is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception !
never a fan of  @ justinamash a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy if he actually read the biased mueller report “composed” by 18 angry dems who hated trump
he would see that it was nevertheless strong on no collusion and ultimately no obstructionanyway how do you obstruct when there is no crime and in fact the crimes were committed by the other side ? justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands !
for life in 2020 if we are foolish and do not stay united as one all of our hard fought gains for life can and will rapidly disappear !
as most people know and for those who would like to know i am strongly prolife with the three exceptions  rape incest and protecting the life of the mother  the same position taken by ronald reagan we have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new
word is out that book is great ! 
congratulations to scott on a great win ! 
our courageous and vigilant armed forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty today and every day we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our nation’s uniforms ! 
today it was my great honor to address the the national association of realtors ! 
with all of the fake and made up  news  out there iran can have no idea what is actually going on !
it now seems the general flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge it would have been impossible for me to know this but if that was the case and with me being one of two people who would become president why was i not told so that i could make a change ?
the fake  news  media is hurting our country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of iran it is scattershot poorly sourced made up and dangerous at least iran doesn’t know what to think which at this point may very well be a good thing !
will jerry nadler ever look into the fact that crooked hillary deleted and acid washed 33000 emails after getting a most powerful demand notice for them from congress ?
my campaign for president was conclusively spied on nothing like this has ever happened in american politics a really bad situation treason means long jail sentences and this was treason !
make america great again !
will the democrats give our country a badly needed immigration win before the election ? good chance !
all people that are illegally coming into the united states now will be removed from our country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed please do not make yourselves too comfortable you will be leaving soon !
the democrats now realize that there is a national emergency at the border and that if we work together it can be immediately fixed we need democrat votes and all will be well !
the fake  news  washington post and even more fake  news  new york times are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the middle east there is no infighting whatsoever
different opinions are expressed and i make a decisive and final decision  it is a very simple process all sides views and policies are covered i’m sure that iran will want to talk soon
we stand firmly strongly and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement you do not hear it nearly enough but americans across this country love you support you and respect you more than you could possibly know !  # peaceofficersmemorialday 
thank you joe and remember the brain is much sharper also ! 
with incredible grit skill and pride the 7000 workers here at sempra energy are helping lead the american energy revolution they are not only making our nation wealthier but they are making america safer by building a future of american energy independence ! 
it is great to be here in hackberry louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making america into the energy superpower of the world ! 
today marks the oneyear anniversary of the opening of the united states embassy in jerusalem israel our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth
when prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan visited with me in the  @ whitehouse two weeks ago i told him that i would be going to the g20 in osaka japan i look forward to being with him and other world leaders !
our great senator and star from the state of arkansas  @ tomcottonar has just completed a wonderful book “sacred duty” about arlington national cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion on sale today make it big !
china will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates as always in order to make up for the business they are and will be losing if the federal reserve ever did a “match” it would be game over we win ! in any event china wants a deal !
our great senator and star from the state of arkansas  @ tomcottonar has just completed a wonderful book “sacred duty” about arlington national cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion on sale today make it big !
our great patriot farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now hopefully china will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product the best but if not your country will be making up the difference based on a very high china buy
this money will come from the massive tariffs being paid to the united states for allowing china and others to do business with us the farmers have been “forgotten” for many years their time is now !
when the time is right we will make a deal with china my respect and friendship with president xi is unlimited but as i have told him many times before this must be a great deal for the united states or it just doesn’t make any sense we have to be allowed to make up some
of the tremendous ground we have lost to china on trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the wto it will all happen and much faster than people think !
we can make a deal with china tomorrow before their companies start leaving so as not to lose usa business but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal no way ! we are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made will be taking in
billions of dollars and moving jobs back to the usa where they belong other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them they must be a part of usa action this should have been done by our leaders many years ago enjoy !
so that they will be more competitive for usa buyers we are now a much bigger economy than china and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 election we are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of no more !
china buys much less from us than we buy from them by almost 500 billion dollars so we are in a fantastic position make your product at home in the usa and there is no tariff you can also buy from a nontariffed country instead of china many companies are leaving china
wishing former president jimmy carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today he was in such good spirits when we spoke last month  he will be fine !
we must protect our great lakes keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations that’s why i am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the great lakes restoration initiative
under my administration we are restoring  @ nasa to greatness and we are going back to the moon then mars i am updating my budget to include an additional $16 billion so that we can return to space in a big way !
there will be nobody left in china to do business with very bad for china very good for usa ! but china has taken so advantage of the us for so many years that they are way ahead our presidents did not do the job therefore china should not retaliatewill only get worse !
there is no reason for the us consumer to pay the tariffs which take effect on china today this has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the us 21 points by china because china subsidizes product to such a large degree also the tariffs can be
completely avoided if you buy from a nontariffed country or you buy the product inside the usa the best idea that’s zero tariffs many tariffed companies will be leaving china for vietnam and other such countries in asia that’s why china wants to make a deal so badly !
democrat rep tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the holocaust she obviously has tremendous hatred of israel and the jewish people can you imagine what would happen if i ever said what she said and says ?
bernie sanders “the economy is doing well and i’m sure i don’t have to give trump any credit  i’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants” wrong bernie the economy is doing great and would have crashed if my opponent and yours crooked hillary clinton had ever won !
has anyone noticed that all the boston  @ redsox have done is win since coming to the white house ! others also have done very well the white house visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of sports illustrated ! by the way the boston players were great guys !
their is no reason for the us consumer to pay the tariffs which take effect on china today this has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the us 21 points by china because china subsidizes product to such a large degree also the tariffs can be
completely avoided if you by from a nontariffed country or you buy the product inside the usa the best idea that’s zero tariffs many tariffed companies will be leaving china for vietnam and other such countries in asia that’s why china wants to make a deal so badly !
there will be nobody left in china to do business with very bad for china very good for usa ! but china has taken so advantage of the us for so many years that they are way ahead our presidents did not do the job therefore china should not retaliatewill only get worse !
china is dreaming that sleepy joe biden or any of the others gets elected in 2020 they love ripping off america !
the “constitutional crisis” is the democrats refusing to work let them start by fixing the mess that their immigration laws have caused at the southern border
when the mueller report came out showing no collusion with russia of course it was supposed to be over back to work for the people but the dems have gone “nuts” and it has actually gotten worse ! hope the republicans win back the house in 2020 or little will get done !
despite two years and millions of dollars spent the democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the mueller report were made public but they knew there was nothing even before the report was started it is all a big hoax the biggest in american history !
the democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “constitutional crisis” they and their partner the fake  news  media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible they are a sad joke ! we may have the strongest economy in our history best
we will then spend match or better the money that china may no longer be spending with our great patriot farmers agriculture which is a small percentage of total tariffs received and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world ! great !  # maga
big attacks on republicans and conservatives by social media not good !
hoax my campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the democrats this never happened before in american history and it all turned out to be a total scam a witch hunt that yielded no collusion no obstruction this must never be allowed to happen again !
“the democrats have nothing just want to distract from this president the fbi was not doing its job the state department was covering things up everyday for hillary at the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did and should be fearful this is a tough
president who is willing to have the battle and we have a great attorney general who is willing to lead the battle and they are going to get to the bottom of it”  @ edrollins   @ loudobbs
i was not going to fire bob mueller and did not fire bob mueller in fact he was allowed to finish his report with unprecedented help from the trump administration actually lawyer don mcgahn had a much better chance of being fired than mueller never a big fan !
so now the radical left dems don’t talk about collusion anymore because the mueller report said there was no collusion they only want to talk about obstruction even though there was no obstruction or no crime  except for the crimes committed by the other side !
i won the 2016 election partially based on no tax returns while i am under audit which i still am and the voters didn’t care now the radical left democrats want to again relitigate this matter make it a part of the 2020 election !
such an easy way to avoid tariffs ? make or produce your goods and products in the good old usa it’s very simple !
military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom on military spouse day we honor our nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do ! 
over the course of the past two days the united states and china have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries the relationship between president xi and myself remains a very strong one and conversations
into the future will continue in the meantime the united states has imposed tariffs on china which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations !
great republican vote today on disaster relief bill we will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great states and farmers thank you to all get me a bill that i can quickly sign !
looks to me like it’s going to be sleepycreepy joe over crazy bernie everyone else is fading fast !
your all time favorite president got tired of waiting for china to help out and start buying from our farmers the greatest anywhere in the world !
build your products in the united states and there are no tariffs !
if we bought 15 billion dollars of agriculture from our farmers far more than china buys now we would have more than 85 billion dollars left over for new infrastructure healthcare or anything else china would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up !
build your products in the united states and there are no tariffs !
tariffs will make our country much stronger not weaker just sit back and watch ! in the meantime china should not renegotiate deals with the us at the last minute this is not the obama administration or the administration of sleepy joe who let china get away with “murder !”
we have lost 500 billion dollars a year for many years on crazy trade with china no more !
if we bought 15 billion dollars of agriculture from our farmers far more than china buys now we would have more than 85 billion dollars left over for new infrastructure healthcare or anything else china would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up !
if we bought 15 billion dollars of agriculture from our farmers far more than china buys now we would have more than 85 billion dollars left over for new infrastructure healthcare or anything else china would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up !
make america great again ! 
big announcement today :  drug companies have to come clean about their prices in tv ads historic transparency for american patients is here if drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them !
getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places the florida panhandle where we’ve given and are giving billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by hurricane michael even though the dems are totally in our way they don’t want money to go there we’re getting it done !
our nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in colorado god be with the families and thank you to the first responders for bravely intervening we are in close contact with law enforcement
in 3 separate locations creating another 450 jobs i have been working nicely with gm to get this done thank you to mary b your great governor and senator rob portman with all the car companies coming back and much more the usa is booming !
big court win at our southern border ! we are getting there  and wall is being built !
guess what that’s not going to happen ! china has just informed us that they vicepremier are now coming to the us to make a deal we’ll see but i am very happy with over $100 billion a year in tariffs filling us coffersgreat for us not good for china !
you would get it by building or even buying you always wanted to show losses for tax purposesalmost all real estate developers did  and often renegotiate with banks it was sport additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate fake  news  hit job !
democrats in congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the southern border if not harsh measures will have to be taken !
today it was my true honor to present the commanderinchief’s trophy—for the second year in a row to the  @ armywpfootball black knights congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud ! 
scott walker is 100 correct when he says that the republicans must wake up to the democrats state by state power grab they play very dirty actually like never before don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing !
the united states has been losing for many years 600 to 800 billion dollars a year on trade with china we lose 500 billion dollars sorry we’re not going to be doing that anymore !
despite the tremendous success that i have had as president including perhaps the greatest economy and most successful first two years of any president in history they have stolen two years of my our presidency collusion delusion that we will never be able to get back
the witch hunt is over but we will never forget make america great again !
to the gazan people — these terrorist acts against israel will bring you nothing but more misery end the violence and work towards peace  it can happen !
despite the tremendous success that i have had as president including perhaps the greatest economy and most successful first two years of any president in history they have stollen two years of my our presidency collusion delusion that we will never be able to get back
the witch hunt is over but we will never forget make america great again !
“the report sounded an awful lot as being comeyesque in other words i’m not going to charge this person there wasn’t even close to being a crime but i’m going to criticize him on the way out the door that’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role” robert ray
to testify are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong no collusion conclusion ? there was no crime except on the other side incredibly not covered in the report and no obstruction bob mueller should not testify no redos for the dems !
of additional goods sent to us by china remain untaxed but will be shortly at a rate of 25 the tariffs paid to the usa have had little impact on product cost mostly borne by china the trade deal with china continues but too slowly as they attempt to renegotiate no !
i am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong fair and sound immigration policy that mark morgan will be joining the trump administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ice mark is a true believer and american patriot he will do a great job !
the kentuky derby decision was not a good one it was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur the best horse did not win the kentucky derby  not even close !
today may 4th  is international firefighters day ! we remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365 we love our great firefighters thank you !  # thankafirefighter 
very good call yesterday with president putin of russia tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with russia despite what you read and see in the fake  news  media look how they have misled you on “russia collusion” the world can be a better and safer place nice !
so great to watch this ! 
there is nothing easy about a usa infrastructure plan especially when our great country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the middle east over the last 19 years but i am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars badly needed !
“they wanted to know what trump was up to with the russians  which of course is nonsense this whole thing was a complete setup” george papadopoulos to  @ seanhannity
the wonderful diamond and silk have been treated so horribly by facebook they work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad  and we’re looking into it’s getting worse and worse for conservatives on social media !
i am continuing to monitor the censorship of american citizens on social media platforms this is the united states of america — and we have what’s known as freedom of speech ! we are monitoring and watching closely ! !
the international association of firefighters union is rebelling on their very foolish leader perhaps they will vote him out of office he doesn’t get it ! 
fred keller of the great state of pennsylvania has been an outstanding state rep now he is running as the republican nominee for congress and has my complete and total endorsement strong on crime second amendment military vets and healthcare he will do a fantastic job !
had a long and very good conversation with president putin of russia as i have always said long before the witch hunt started getting along with russia china and everyone is a good thing not a bad thing
we can all agree that america is now  # 1 we are the envy of the world — and the best is yet to come ! 
ok so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible it’s time to get back to business the mueller report strongly stated that there was no collusion with russia of course and in fact they were rebuffed
proclamation on days of remembrance of victims of the holocaust :  
as we unite on this day of prayer we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that all of our people can live pray and worship in peace  # nationaldayofprayer 
and deregulation which have produced noninflationary prosperity for all americans i’ve asked steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our country
i am continuing to monitor the situation in venezuela very closely the united states stands with the people of venezuela and their freedom ! 
no collusion no obstruction besides how can you have obstruction when not only was there no collusion by trump but the bad actions were done by the “other” side ? the greatest conjob in the history of american politics !
why didn’t president obama do something about russia in september before november election when told by the fbi ? he did nothing and had no intention of doing anything !
i am overriding the decommission order of the magnificent aircraft carrier harry s truman built in 1998 fairly new and considered one of the largest and finest in the world it will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one which also are being built !
“the democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was no collusion there was no conspiracy there was no obstruction what we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government at the highest levels of the fbi” senator josh hawley
i’ve done more for firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do and i get paid zero ! 
if cuban troops and militia do not immediately cease military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the constitution of venezuela a full and complete
i am monitoring the situation in venezuela very closely the united states stands with the people of venezuela and their freedom !
china is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low our federal reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates even though inflation is very low and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening we have the potential to go
european countries are not helping at all even though this was very much done for their benefit they are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries not good !
we have 1800 isis prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100 of the caliphate in syria decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners
if the democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak ineffective and dangerous immigration laws we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 election !
the coyotes and drug cartels are in total control of the mexico side of the southern border they have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the us mexico one of the most dangerous country’s in the world must eradicate this problem now also stop the march to us
pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s maybe even better than that and sleepy joe just had his first rally there fact is every economic aspect of our country is the best it has ever been ! 
the new york times has apologized for the terrible antisemitic cartoon but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the fake and corrupt  news  they print on a daily basis they have reached the lowest level of “journalism” and certainly a low point in  @ nytimes history !
the dues sucking firefighters leadership will always support democrats even though the membership wants me some things never change !
people are fleeing new york state because of high taxes and yes even oppression of sorts they didn’t even put up a fight against salt  could have won so much litigation the nra should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with unfair state !
i spoke at length yesterday to rabbi yisroel goldstein chabad  of poway where i extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in california what a great guy he had a least one finger blown off and all he wanted to do is help others very special !
for the more traditional but not very bright sleepy joe biden here we go again bernie but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed !
the democratic national committee sometimes referred to as the dnc is again working its magic in its quest to destroy crazy bernie sanders
ever since andrew came to my office to ask that i appoint him to the us supreme court and i said no he has been very hostile ! also asked for pardon for his friend a good “pal” of low ratings shepard smith
great day with prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan we played a quick round of golf by the beautiful potomac river while talking trade and many other subjects he has now left for japan and i am on my way to wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await ! 
thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the synagogue in poway california god bless you all suspect apprehended law enforcement did outstanding job thank you !
congratulations to nick bosa on being picked number two in the nfl draft you will be a great player for years to come maybe one of the best big talent ! san francisco will embrace you but most importantly always stay true to yourself make america great again !
spoke to saudi arabia and others about increasing oil flow all are in agreement the california tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state speak to your governor about reducing economic numbers 32 gdp for what is often worst quarter looking good !
great nra crowd and enthusiasm in indiana thank you ! leaving now for meetings in the oval office
our border control agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions i am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do nobody deserves it more thank you and keep up the outstanding work ! 
mueller was not fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what i and many others say was an illegal investigation there was no crime headed by a trump hater who was highly conflicted and a group of 18 very angry democrats drain the swamp !
as has been incorrectly reported by the fake  news  media i never told then white house counsel don mcgahn to fire robert mueller even though i had the legal right to do so if i wanted to fire mueller i didn’t need mcgahn to do it i could have done it myself nevertheless
the great state of tennessee is so close to passing school choice all of our nation’s children regardless of background deserve a shot at achieving the american dream ! time to get this done so important !
as one united nation we will work we will pray and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a drug free america !  # rxsummit2019 
congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the witch hunt which i have already won they should start looking at the criminals who are already very well known to all this was a rigged system  we will drain the swamp !
no collusion no obstruction  there has never been a president who has been more transparent millions of pages of documents were given to the mueller angry dems plus i allowed everyone to testify including wh counsel i didn’t have to do this but now they want more
can anyone comprehend what a great job border patrol and law enforcement is doing on our southern border so far this year they have apprehended 418000 plus illegal immigrants way up from last year mexico is doing very little for us dems in congress must act now !
are there no “high crimes and misdemeanors” there are no crimes by me at all all of the crimes were committed by crooked hillary the dems the dnc and dirty cops  and we caught them in the act ! we waited for mueller and won so now the dems look to congress as last hope !
the mueller report despite being written by angry democrats and trump haters and with unlimited money behind it $35000000 didn’t lay a glove on me i did nothing wrong if the partisan dems ever tried to impeach i would first head to the us supreme court not only
the american people deserve to know who is in this country yesterday the supreme court took up the census citizenship question a really big deal make america great again !
the wall is being rapidly built ! the economy is great ! our country is respected again !
but should be much higher than that if twitter wasn’t playing their political games no wonder congress wants to get involved  and they should must be more and fairer companies to get out the word !
dumb and sick a really bad show with low ratings  and will only get worse cnn has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster in fact it rewarded chris cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot despite his massive failure in the morning only on cnn !
sorry to say but  @ foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television it rightfully has by far the highest  ratings not even close morning psycho joe who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on free all the time has nosedived too angry
in the “old days” if you were president and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism remember “it’s the economy stupid” today i have as president perhaps the greatest economy in historyand to the mainstream media it means nothing but it will !
the radical left democrats together with their leaders in the fake  news  media have gone totally insane ! i guess that means that the republican agenda is working stay tuned for more !
i will be going to green bay wisconsin for a really big rally on saturday evening big crowd expected much to talk about make america great again !
paul krugman of the fake  news  new york times has lost all credibility as has the times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me he is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is he said market would crash only record highs !
this should never happen to another president again ! 
isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me by far and knew the campaign better than anyone were never even called to testify before mueller the reason is that the 18 angry democrats knew they would all say ‘no collusion’ and only very good things !
spoke to the prime minister of italy giuseppe conte mostly concerning immigration taxes trade and the economy of both of our countries very good call !
spoke to prime minister ranil wickremesinghe of sri lanka this morning to inform him that the united states stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the people of the united states !
spoke to president maithripala sirisena of sri lanka yesterday to inform him that the united states stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the people of the united states
my friend herman cain a truly wonderful man has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the federal reserve board i will respect his wishes herman is a great american who truly loves our country !
only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment there were no crimes by me no collusion no obstruction so you can’t impeach it was the democrats that committed the crimes not your republican president ! tables are finally turning on the witch hunt !
saudi arabia and others in opec will more than make up the oil flow difference in our now full sanctions on iranian oil iran is being given very bad advice by  @ johnkerry and people who helped him lead the us into the very bad iran nuclear deal big violation of logan act ?
how do you impeach a republican president for a crime that was committed by the democrats ? make america great again !
jobless claims in the united states have reached their lowest best level in over 50 years !
despite no collusion no obstruction the radical left democrats do not want to go on to legislate for the good of the people but only to investigate and waste time this is costing our country greatly and will cost the dems big time in 2020 !
the trump haters and angry democrats who wrote the mueller report were devastated by the no collusion finding ! nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place !
do you believe this ? the new york times oped :  media and democrats owe trump an apology well they got that one right !
138 people have been killed in sri lanka with more that 600 badly injured in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels the united states offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of sri lanka we stand ready to help !
happy easter ! i have never been happier or more content because your country is doing so well with an economy that is the talk of the world and may be stronger than it has ever been before have a great day !
heartfelt condolences from the people of the united states to the people of sri lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more we stand ready to help !
if  @ mittromney spent the same energy fighting barack obama as he does fighting donald trump he could have won the race maybe ! 
the end result of the greatest witch hunt in us political history is no collusion with russia and no obstruction pretty amazing !
the fake  news  media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the mueller report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was no collusion with russia the russia hoax is dead !
wishing a happy passover to all those celebrating in america israel and around the world ! 
time for democrats to accept reality 
the washington post and new york times are in my opinion two of the most dishonest media outlets around truly the enemy of the people ! 
big fat waste of time energy and money  $30000000 to be exact it is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes perhaps even spying or treason this should never happen again !
kimberley strassel should get the pulitzer she is a treasure and i don’t know her who correctly called the russia hoax right from the start ! others who were soooo wrong will get the prize fake  news  ! 
“if dozens of federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime and found they couldn’t it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it  and that’s what happened here  that’s what we just learned from the mueller report”   @ tuckercarlson
when there is not an underlying crime with regard to collusion in fact the whole thing was a made up fraud it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something there was no underlying crime”  @ marthamaccallum   @ fox news 
anything the russians did concerning the 2016 election was done while obama was president he was told about it and did nothing ! most importantly the vote was not affected
“donald trump was being framed he fought back that is not obstruction”  @ jessebwatters  i had the right to end the whole witch hunt if i wanted i could have fired everyone including mueller if i wanted i chose not to i had the right to use executive privilege i didn’t !
today i was thrilled to host the  @ wwp soldier ride once again at the  @ whitehouse we were all deeply honored to be in the presence of true american heroes
as i have been saying all along no collusion  no obstruction ! 
just had a wonderful conversation with  @ pontifex francis offering condolences from the people of the united states for the horrible and destructive fire at notre dame cathedral i offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as i did
democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws or the border despite the great job being done by border patrol will only get worse big sections of wall now being built !
i believe it will be crazy bernie sanders vs sleepy joe biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best economy in the history of our country and many other great things ! i look forward to facing whoever it may be may god rest their soul !
bernie sanders and wife should pay the pretrump taxes on their almost $600000 in income he is always complaining about these big tax cuts except when it benefits him they made a fortune off of trump but so did everyone else  and that’s a good thing not a bad thing !
a must read andy mccarthy’s column today “dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted trumprussia probe” the greatest scam in political history if the mainstream media were honest which they are not this story would be bigger and more important than watergate someday !
god bless the people of france !
the forgotten voters of the 2016 election are now doing great the steel industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades our country has one of the best economies in many years perhaps ever unemployment numbers best in 51 years wow !
so horrible to watch the massive fire at notre dame cathedral in paris perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out must act quickly !
heading to the great state of minnesota !
since there was no collusion why was there an investigation in the first place ! answer  dirty cops dems and crooked hillary !
the mueller report which was written by 18 angry democrats who also happen to be trump haters and clinton supporters should have focused on the people who spied on my 2016 campaign and others who fabricated the whole russia hoax that is never forget the crime
those illegal immigrants who can no longer be legally held congress must fix the laws and loopholes will be subject to homeland security given to sanctuary cities and states !
mark morgan president obama’s border patrol chief gave the following message to me :  “president trump stay the course” i agree and believe it or not we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years !
the radical left democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them they will always resist and obstruct !
they spied on my campaign we will never forget !
before nancy who has lost all control of congress and is getting nothing done decides to defend her leader rep omar she should look at the antisemitic antiisrael and ungrateful us hate statements omar has made she is out of control except for her control of nancy !
congress should come back to dc now and fix the immigration laws !
love people who are great under pressure what a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy ! 
if the fed had done its job properly which it has not the stock market would have been up 5000 to 10000 additional points and gdp would have been well  over 4 instead of 3with almost no inflation quantitative tightening was a killer should have done the exact opposite !
democrats must change the immigration laws fast if not sanctuary cities must immediately act to take care of the illegal immigrants  and this includes gang members drug dealers human traffickers and criminals of all shapes sizes and kinds change the laws now !
when i won the election in 2016 the  @ nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the election and me so badly they didn’t have a clue it was pathetic they even apologized to me but now they are even worse really corrupt reporting !
great playing by  @ tigerwoods at the  @ themasters tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports many fantastic players in the hunt ratings gold  good luck to all !
why should radical left democrats in congress have a right to retry and examine the $35000000 two years in the making no collusion mueller report when the crime committed was by crooked hillary the dnc and dirty cops ? attorney general barr will make the decision !
extraordinary growth economic success and riches under the leadership of chairman kim i look forward to the day which could be soon when nuclear weapons and sanctions can be removed and then watching north korea become one of the most successful nations of the world !
i agree with kim jong un of north korea that our personal relationship remains very good perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate and that a third summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand north korea has tremendous potential for
another fake story on  @ nbc news  that i offered pardons to homeland securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities of course this is not true mainstream media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day !
if the radical left democrats all of a sudden don’t want the illegal migrants in their sanctuary cities no more open arms why should others be expected to take them into their communities ? go home and come into our country legally and through a system of merit !
we will never forget ! 
due to the fact that democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities only
the radical left always seems to have an open borders open arms policy – so this should make them very happy !
even the democrats now say that our southern border is a crisis and a national emergency hopefully we will not be getting any more bad outrageous court decisions !
too bad that the european union is being so tough on the united kingdom and brexit the ed.c.ikewise a brutal trading partner with the united states which will change sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you !
i think what the democrats are doing with the border is treasonous their open border mindset is putting our country at risk will not let this happen !
thank you texas i love you ! 
spoke to bibi  @ netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hardfought win the united states is with him and the people of israel all the way ! 
everybody is now acknowledging that right from the time i announced my run for president i was 100 correct on the border remember the heat i took ? democrats should now get rid of the loopholes the border is being fixed mexico will not let people through !
the democrats must end the loopholes on immigration so easy to solve !
make america great again ! 
thank you working hard ! 
check this out  truth ! 
on national former prisoner of war recognition day we honor the americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great nation
the mainstream media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today it only seems to get worse so much fake  news  !
i got along very well with jerry during the zoning and building process then i changed course slightly became president and now i am dealing with congressman nadler again some things never end but hopefully it will all go well for everyone only time will tell !
the world trade organization finds that the european union subsidies to airbus has adversely impacted the united states which will now put tariffs on $11 billion of eu products ! the eu has taken advantage of the us on trade for many years it will soon stop !
a 9th circuit judge just ruled that mexico is too dangerous for migrants so unfair to the us out of control ! 
the democrats will never be satisfied no matter what they get how much they get or how many pages they get it will never end but that’s the way life goes !
uganda must find the kidnappers of the american tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there bring them to justice openly and quickly !
“the reason the whole process seems so politicized is that democrats made up this complete lie about collusion and none of it happened” charles hurt the russian hoax never happened it was a fraud on the american people !
mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the united states or we will have no other choice than to close the border and/or institute tariffs our country is full !
secretary of homeland security kirstjen nielsen will be leaving her position and i would like to thank her for her service
pleased to report that the american tourist and tour guide that were abducted in uganda have been released god bless them and their families !
in the meantime the democrats in congress must help the republicans we need their votes to end the horrible costly and foolish loopholes in our immigration laws once that happens all will be smooth we can never allow open borders !
why should i be defending a fraudulent russian witch hunt it’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the american people start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts how and why did this terrible event begin ? never forget !
to every member of the  @ rjc thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our country to our safety and to electing more republicans over the next 19 months i know that the  @ rjc will help lead our party to another historic victory !  # trumpatrjc 
 against something i knew never existed collusion with russia so ridiculous !  no obstruction this russia hoax must never happen to another president and law enforcement must find out how did it start ?
so let’s get this straight ! there was no collusion and in fact the phony dossier was a con job that was paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc so the 13 angry democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up fraud i just fought back
so let’s get this straight ! there was no collusion and in fact the phony dossier was a con job that was paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc so the 13 angry democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up fraud i just fought back
years and $30 million and they found no collusion no obstruction but the democrats no matter what we give them will never be satisfied a total waste of time as  @ frankluntz has just stated “enough america has had enough what have you accomplished public is fed up”
i have not read the mueller report yet even though i have every right to do so only know the conclusions and on the big one no collusion likewise recommendations made to our great ag who found no obstruction 13 angry trump hating dems later brought to 18 given two
thank you to two great people ! 
just checked out the new wall on the border  great ! leaving now for la
the press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase make america great again ! they can’t stand the fact that this administration has done more than virtually any other administration in its first 2yrs they are truly the enemy of the people !
heading to the southern border to show a section of the new wall being built ! leaving now !
however if for any reason mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from the us will be forced to tariff at 25 all cars made in mexico and shipped over the border to us if that doesn’t work which it will i will close the border
the crazed and dishonest washington post again purposely got it wrong mexico for the first time in decades is meaningfully apprehending illegals at their southern border before the long march up to the us this is great and the way it should be the big flow will stop
the new york times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the mueller report in fact they probably had no sources at all ! they are a fake  news  paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me !
there is nothing we can ever give to the democrats that will make them happy this is the highest level of presidential harassment in the history of our country !
according to polling few people seem to care about the russian collusion hoax but some democrats are fighting hard to keep the witch hunt alive they should focus on legislation or even better an investigation of how the ridiculous collusion delusion got started  so illegal !
despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the fed the economy is looking very strong the china and usmca deals are moving along nicely there is little or no inflation and usa optimism is very high !
the republican party is the party of the american dream !
the first step act proves that our country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside and put the interests of all americans first 
congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the border ! if no action border or large sections of border will close this is a national emergency !
this will be a great campaign issue i never asked mitch mcconnell for a vote before the election as has been incorrectly reported as usual in the  @ nytimes but only after the election when we take back the house etc republicans will always support preexisting conditions !
today we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of americans with asd and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential # worldautismawarenessday 
after many years decades mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their southern border mostly from guatemala honduras and el salvador they have all been taking us money for years and doing absolutely nothing for us just like the democrats in congress !
there is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy jerry nadler or shifty adam schiff it is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great country !
robert mueller was a godlike figure to the democrats until he ruled no collusion in the long awaited $30000000 mueller report now the dems don’t even acknowledge his name have become totally unhinged and would like to go through the whole process again it won’t happen !
the best thing that ever happened to puerto rico is president donald j trump so many wonderful people but with such bad island leadership and with so much money wasted cannot continue to hurt our farmers and states with these massive payments and so little appreciation !
the crazed and incompetent mayor of san juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the island back to health 91 billion dollars to puerto rico and now the dems want to give them more taking dollars away from our farmers and so many others disgraceful !
the democrats today killed a bill that would have provided great relief to farmers and yet more money to puerto rico despite the fact that puerto rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history the people of puerto rico
no matter what information is given to the crazed democrats from the no collusion mueller report it will never be good enough behind closed doors the dems are laughing !
can you believe that the radical left democrats want to do our new and very important census report without the all important citizenship question report would be meaningless and a waste of the $billions ridiculous that it costs to put together !
democrats working with republicans in congress can fix the asylum and other loopholes quickly we have a major national emergency at our border get it done now !
now that the long awaited mueller report conclusions have been released most democrats and othershave gone back to the prewitch hunt phase of their lives before collusion delusion took over others are pretending that their former hero bob mueller no longer exists !
the democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system mexico is likewise doing nothing a very bad combination for our country homeland security is being sooo very nice but not for long !
everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the no collusion no obstruction trump campaign began we need to know for future generations to understand this hoax should never be allowed to happen to another president or administration again !
it would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid democrat inspired immigration laws in less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved but the dems don’t care about the crime they don’t want any victory for trump and the republicans even if good for usa !
robert mueller was a hero to the radical left democrats until he ruled that there was no collusion with russia so ridiculous to even say ! after more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop i got the answers i wanted the truth
the border or large sections of the border next week this would be so easy for mexico to do but they just take our money and “talk” besides we lose so much money with them especially when you add in drug trafficking etc that the border closing would be a good thing !
through their country and our southern border mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the us far greater than border costs if mexico doesn’t immediately stop all illegal immigration coming into the united states throug our southern border i will be closing
this has been an incredible couple of weeks for america ! 
on this vietnam war veterans day we celebrate the brave vietnam veterans and all of america’s veterans thank you for your service to our great nation !
make america great again ! 
on my way to grand rapids michigan right now see you all very soon !  # maga 
very important that opec increase the flow of oil world markets are fragile price of oil getting too high thank you !
wow ratings for “morning joe” which were really bad in the first place just “tanked” with the release of the mueller report likewise other shows on msnbc and cnn have gone down by as much as 50 just shows fake  news  never wins !
mexico is doing nothing to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our country they are all talk and no action likewise honduras guatemala and el salvador have taken our money for years and do nothing the dems don’t care such bad laws may close the southern border !
just met with  @ sundarpichai president of  @ google who is obviously doing quite well he stated strongly that he is totally committed to the us military not the chinese military
also discussed political fairness and various things that  @ google can do for our country meeting ended very well !
“i think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years it is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the country to their own reputation or to the constitution an absolute catastrophe” sean davis   @ tuckercarlson
thank you to the house republicans for sticking together and the big win today on the border today’s vote simply reaffirms congressional democrats are the party of open borders drugs and crime !
the mainstream media is under fire and being scorned all over the world as being corrupt and fake for two years they pushed the russian collusion delusion when they always knew there was no collusion they truly are the enemy of the people and the real opposition party !
make america great again !
good morning have a great day !
it was announced today by the us treasury that additional large scale sanctions would be added to those already existing sanctions on north korea i have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional sanctions !
it is my pleasure to announce that  @ stephenmoore a very respected economist will be nominated to serve on the fed board i have known steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice !
there is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family !
isis uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to isis propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level
today we celebrate the lives and achievements of americans with down syndrome  @ vp and i will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for life !  # worlddownsyndromeday 
we are here today to take historic action to defend american students and american values in a few moments i will be signing an executive order to protect free speech on college campuses
after 52 years it is time for the united states to fully recognize israel’s sovereignty over the golan heights which is of critical strategic and security importance to the state of israel and regional stability !
leaving the great state of ohio for the  @ whitehouse a really great day !
really beautiful to see ! 
great  news  from  @ ford ! they are investing nearly $1 billion in flat rock michigan for auto production on top of a $1 billion investment last month in a facility outside of chicago companies are pouring back into the united states  they want to be where the action is !
i am thrilled to be here in ohio with the hardworking men and women of the lima army tank plant ! we are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for northwest ohio for our great military and for our entire country
the democrats are getting very “strange” they now want to change the voting age to 16 abolish the electoral college and increase significantly the number of supreme court justices actually you’ve got to win it at the ballot box !
not a good situation ! 
thank you  @ jessebwatters could not have said it any better myself ! 
i will be looking into this !  # stopthebias 
facebook google and twitter not to mention the corrupt media are sooo on the side of the radical left democrats but fear not we will win anyway just like we did before !  # maga
the fake  news  media has never been more dishonest or corrupt than it is right now there has never been a time like this in american history very exciting but also very sad ! fake  news  is the absolute enemy of the people and our country itself !
while the press doesn’t like writing about it nor do i need them to i donate my yearly presidential salary of $40000000 to different agencies throughout the year this to homeland security if i didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the fake  news  media ! 
our prayers are with the great people of south dakota we are staying in close contact with  @ govkristinoem and all the state and local leaders during and after these devastating floods everyone be safe ! 
my team is staying in close contact with governor kim reynolds  @ iagovernor of iowa and the local officials managing these floods we support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of iowa ! 
gdp growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005 this administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office growth is beating market expectations !
the fake  news  media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in new zealand they will have to work very hard to prove that one so ridiculous !
joe biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for president get used to it another low iq individual !
are all coming back to the us so is everyone else we now have the best economy in the world the envy of all get that big beautiful plant in ohio open now close a plant in china or mexico where you invested so heavily pretrump but not in the usa bring jobs home !
general motors and the uaw are going to start “talks” in september/october why wait start them now ! i want jobs to stay in the usa and want lordstown ohio in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast ! car companies
make america great again !
what the democrats have done in trying to steal a presidential election first at the “ballot box” and then after that failed with the “insurance policy” is the biggest scandal in the history of our country !
just spoke to mary barra ceo of general motors about the lordstown ohio plant i am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our country is booming i asked her to sell it or do something quickly she blamed the uaw union — i don’t care i just want it open !
those republican senators who voted in favor of strong border security and the wall are being uniformly praised as they return to their states they know there is a national emergency at the southern border and they had the courage to act great job !
democrat uaw local 1112 president david green ought to get his act together and produce gm let our country down but other much better car companies are coming into the us in droves i want action on lordstown fast stop complaining and get the job done ! 38 unemployment !
to the people that got you there keep fighting for tucker and fight hard for  @ judgejeanine your competitors are jealous  they all want what you’ve got  number one don’t hand it to them on a silver platter they can’t beat you you can only beat yourselves !
bring back  @ judgejeanine pirro the radical left democrats working closely with their beloved partner the fake  news  media is using every trick in the book to silence a majority of our country they have all out campaigns against  @ fox news  hosts who are doing too well fox 
how is the paris environmental accord working out for france ? after 18 weeks of rioting by the yellow vest protesters i guess not so well ! in the meantime the united states has gone to the top of all lists on the environment
google is helping china and their military but not the us terrible ! the good  news  is that they helped crooked hillary clinton and not trumpand how did that turn out ?
this is a national emergency
on the recent nonbinding vote 4200 in congress about releasing the mueller report i told leadership to let all republicans vote for transparency makes us all look good and doesn’t matter play along with the game !
just spoke with jacinda ardern the prime minister of new zealand regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours i informed the prime minister
that we stand in solidarity with new zealand – and that any assistance the usa can give we stand by ready to help we love you new zealand !
i’d like to thank all of the great republican senators who bravely voted for strong border security and the wall this will help stop crime human trafficking and drugs entering our country watch when you get back to your state they will love you more than ever before !
this should never happen to a president again !
my warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of new zealand after the horrible massacre in the mosques 49 innocent people have so senselessly died with so many more seriously injured the us stands by new zealand for anything we can do god bless all !
i look forward to vetoing the just passed democrat inspired resolution which would open borders while increasing crime drugs and trafficking in our country i thank all of the strong republicans who voted to support border security and our desperately needed wall !
if at a later date congress wants to update the law i will support those efforts but today’s issue is border security and crime don’t vote with pelosi !
prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the national emergency at the southern border and to protect the american people are both constitutional and expressly authorized by congress
my administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale trade deal with the united kingdom the potential is unlimited !
i agree with rand paul this is a total disgrace and should never happen to another president ! 
republican senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on national emergency it is very simply border security/no crime  should not be thought of any other way we have a major national emergency at our border and the people of our country know it very well !
the fake  news  photoshopped pictures of melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in alabama and other places they are only getting more deranged with time !
the just revealed fbi agent lisa page transcripts make the obama justice department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine hopefully justice will finally be served much more to come !
defying voters the governor of california will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers friends and families of the always forgotten victims are not thrilled and neither am i !
make america great again !
a man who is considered by many to be the president with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors” ?
i greatly appreciate nancy pelosi’s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that i never did anything wrong the economy and unemployment are the best ever military and vets are great  and many other successes ! how do you impeach
so many records being set with respect to our economy unemployment numbers among best ever a beautiful thing to watch !
all part of the witch hunt ! 
new york state and its governor andrew cuomo are now proud members of the group of presidential harassers no wonder people are fleeing the state in record numbers the witch hunt continues !
needed and the complexity creates danger all of this for great cost yet very little gain i don’t know about you but i don’t want albert einstein to be my pilot i want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane !
airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from mit i see it all the time in many products always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better split second decisions are
more people are working today in the united states 158000000 than at any time in our country’s history that is a big deal !
“donald trump’s approval rating is at or near his highest level ever the media is not being honest about what is happening in this country” jesse watters
this is just the beginning ! 
and renovated with much more to follow shortly tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended captured at the border and not allowed into our country with another president millions would be pouring in i am stopping an invasion as the wall gets built  # maga
wacky nut job  @ anncoulter who still hasn’t figured out that despite all odds and an entire democrat party of far left radicals against me not to mention certain republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight i am winning on the border major sections of wall are being built
border patrol and law enforcement has apprehended captured large numbers of illegal immigrants at the border they won’t be coming into the us the wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now !
 @ re pm iketurner  “the only time that michael cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty”  also when he said no collusion and i did not tell him to lie !”
as secretary of the air force and i know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education a strong thank you to heather for her service
bad lawyer and fraudster michael cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a pardon his lawyers totally contradicted him he lied ! additionally he directly asked me for a pardon i said no he lied again ! he also badly wanted to work at the white house he lied !
heading now to the great state of alabama !
we are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants  but we need the wall to help our great border patrol agents !
“this is as good a time as i can remember to be an american worker we have the strongest economy in the world”  stuart varney  @ foxandfriends  so true !
i cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media it is totally out of control but we are winning !
the wall is being built and is well under construction big impact will be made many additional contracts are close to being signed far ahead of schedule despite all of the democrat obstruction and fake  news  !
we are on track to apprehend more than one million people coming across the southern border this year great job by border patrol and others who are working in a broken system can be fixed by congress so easily and quickly if only the democrats would get on board !
it was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me fake  news  !
democrats just blocked  @ fox news  from holding a debate good then i think i’ll do the same thing with the fake  news  networks and the radical left democrats in the general election debates !
wall street journal :  “more migrant families crossing into the us illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year” we are doing a great job at the border but this is a national emergency !
congressman chris stewart :  “no one is accusing the president of a crime and yet they the democrats are issuing hundreds of subpoenas this is unprecedented” they are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document !
scott gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as commissioner of the fda plans to leave government service sometime next month
scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things he and his talents will be greatly missed !
just a few moments ago i signed an eo addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies :  veterans suicide to every veteran—i want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you you will never be forgotten
the greatest overreach in the history of our country the dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done a big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the dems are doing and have done !
 amazon like the washington post it’s hard to remember that not so long ago america had prestige media outlets but not anymore”  @ tuckercarlson   the fake  news  media is the true enemy of the people !
the military drills or war games as i call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ kim jong un of nk—fake  news  ! i made that decision long ago because it costs the us far too much money to have those “games” especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost !
fema has been told directly by me to give the a plus treatment to the great state of alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the tornadoes  @ governorkayivey one of the best in our country has been so informed she is working closely with fema and me !
fema has been told directly by me to give the a plus treatment to the great state of alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the tornadoes  @ govivey one of the best in our country has been so informed she is working closely with fema and me !
to the great people of alabama and surrounding areas :  please be careful and safe tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming to the families and friends of the victims and to the injured god bless you all !
president we are winning big the envy of the world but just think what it could be ?
presidential harassment by “crazed” democrats at the highest level in the history of our country likewise the most vicious and corrupt mainstream media that any president has ever had to endure  yet the most successful first two years for any
the reason i do not want military drills with south korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the us for which we are not reimbursed that was my position long before i became president also reducing tensions with north korea at this time is a good thing !
after more than two years of presidential harassment the only things that have been proven is that democrats and other broke the law the hostile cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no collusion ! his just written book manuscript showed what he
the brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer michael cohen shows his testimony was a total lie ! pundits should only use it
virtually everything failed lawyer michael cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me it’s a total new love letter to “trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction !
very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world also furthers uk relationship ! 
i have asked china to immediately remove all tariffs on our agricultural products including beef pork etc based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with trade discussions
and i did not increase their second traunch of tariffs to 25 on march 1st this is very important for our great farmers  and me !
for otto’s mistreatment and death most important otto warmbier will not have died in vain otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future i love otto and think of him often !
i never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to otto warmbier and his great family remember i got otto out along with three others the previous administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch of course i hold north korea responsible
michael cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before he must have forgotten about his book when he testified what does hillary clinton’s lawyer lanny davis say about this one is he being paid by crooked hillary using her lawyer ?
and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on wednesday no way it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought witch hunt time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed republicans have been abused long enough must end now !
congress must demand the transcript of michael cohen’s new book given to publishers a short time ago your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his thursday testimony like a different person ! he is totally discredited !
wow just revealed that michael cohen wrote a “love letter to trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing written and submitted long after charlottesville and helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie !
great to be back from vietnam an amazing place we had very substantive negotiations with kim jong un  we know what they want and they know what we must have relationship very good let’s see what happens !
today in alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the united states military at joint base elmendorfrichardson we are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice thank you ! 
i have now spent more time in vietnam than da nang dick blumenthal the third rate senator from connecticut how is connecticut doing ? his war stories of his heroism in vietnam were a total fraud  he was never even there we talked about it today with vietnamese leaders !
the democrats should stop talking about what i should do with north korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the obama administration ?
vietnam is thriving like few places on earth north korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize the potential is awesome a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend kim jong un we will know fairly soon  very interesting !
just arrived in vietnam thank you to all of the people for the great reception in hanoi tremendous crowds and so much love !
this will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of congress if there is one thing we should all agree on it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies
senate democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children the democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies after birth
if a deal is made with china our great american farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before !
china trade deal and more in advanced stages relationship between our two countries is very strong i have therefore agreed to delay us tariff hikes let’s see what happens ?
our foreign partners recovering american hostages is a priority of my admin and with danny’s release we have now secured freedom for 20 american captives since my election victory we will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining american hostages back home !
it is my honor today to announce that danny burch a united states citizen who has been held hostage in yemen for 18 months has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children i appreciate the support of the united arab emirates in bringing danny home
since my election as president the dow jones is up 43 and the nasdaq composite almost 50 great  news  for your 401ks as they continue to grow we are bringing back america faster than anyone thought possible !
i hope our great republican senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective border security without strong borders we don’t have a country  and the voters are on board with us be strong and smart don’t fall into the democrats “trap” of open borders and crime !
former senator harry reid he got thrown out is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career he led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty cryin’ chuck schumer some things just never change !
meeting for breakfast with our nation’s governors  then off to vietnam for a very important summit with kim jong un with complete denuclearization north korea will rapidly become an economic powerhouse without it just more of the same chairman kim will make a wise decision !
be nice if spike lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your president who has done more for african americans criminal justice reform lowest unemployment numbers in history tax cutsetc than almost any other pres !
we have a state of emergency at our southern border border patrol our military and local law enforcement are doing a great job but without the wall which is now under major construction you cannot have border security drugs gangs and human trafficking must be stopped !
i am pleased to report that the us has made substantial progress in our trade talks with china on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues as a result of these very
so funny to watch people who have failed for years they got nothing telling me how to negotiate with north korea but thanks anyway !
the only collusion with the russians was with crooked hillary clinton and the democratic national committeeand where’s the server that the dnc refused to give to the fbi ?  where are the new texts between agent lisa page and her agent lover peter s ? we want them now !
chairman kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the world because of its location and people and him it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation !
president xi of china has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with kim jong un the last thing china wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door sanctions placed on the border by china and russia have been very helpful great relationship with chairman kim !
hold the date ! we will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of washington dc on july 4th it will be called “a salute to america” and will be held at the lincoln memorial major fireworks display entertainment and an address by your favorite president me !
so great being with you both in the oval office ! 
the people of venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country – and their future 
there is far more energy on the right than there is on the left that’s why we just won the senate and why we will win big in 2020 the fake  news  just doesn’t want to report the facts border security is a big factor the under construction wall will stop gangs drugs and crime !
god bless the people of venezuela !
i am pleased to announce that kelly knight craft our current ambassador to canada is being nominated to be united states ambassador to the united nations
kelly has done an outstanding job representing our nation and i have no doubt that under her leadership our country will be represented at the highest level congratulations to kelly and her entire family !
fake  news  is so bad for our country ! 
senator john cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of texas he is strong on crime the border the second amendment and loves our military and vets john has my complete and total endorsement make america great again !
the wall is under construction right now ! 
something that is so obviously the future i want the united states to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies we must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology !
i want 5g and even 6g technology in the united states as soon as possible it is far more powerful faster and smarter than the current standard american companies must step up their efforts or get left behind there is no reason that we should be lagging behind on
the new york times reporting is false they are a true enemy of the people !
the press has never been more dishonest than it is today stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact the writers don’t even call asking for verification they are totally out of control sadly i kept many of them in business in six years they all go bust !
crazy bernie has just entered the race i wish him well !
i never said anything bad about andrew mccabe’s wife other than she they should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a crooked hillary source when clinton was under investigation by the fbi i never called his wife a loser to him another mccabe made up lie !
the washington post is a fact checker only for the democrats for the republicans and for your all time favorite president it is a fake fact checker !
the failed fast train project in california where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed wall !
as i predicted 16 states led mostly by open border democrats and the radical left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th circuit ! california the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control fast train with no hope of completion seems in charge !
the failed fast train project in california were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed wall !
as i predicted 16 cities led mostly by open border democrats and the radical left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th circuit ! california the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control fast train with no hope of completion seems in charge !
had the opposition party no not the media won the election the stock market would be down at least 10000 points by now we are heading up up up !
i ask every member of the maduro regime :  end this nightmare of poverty hunger and death let your people go set your country free ! now is the time for all venezuelan patriots to act together as one united people nothing could be better for the future of venezuela !
the people of venezuela are standing for freedom and democracy – and the united states of america is standing right by their side !
we are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in latin america in venezuela and across the western hemisphere socialism is dying  and liberty prosperity and democracy are being reborn
hope you are enjoying your president’s day our country is making unprecedented progress !
there is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the military vets economy and so much more this was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action !
wow so many lies by now disgraced acting fbi director andrew mccabe he was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged he and rod rosenstein who was hired by jeff sessions another beauty look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught
the mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged ! should never have been allowed to begin except for the collusion and many crimes committed by the democrats witch hunt !
“these guys the investigators ought to be in jail what they have done working with the obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented this is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this country and mueller is a coverup”  rush limbaugh
the rigged and corrupt media is the enemy of the people !
nothing funny about tired saturday night live on fake  news  nbc ! question is how do the networks get away with these total republican hit jobs without retribution ? likewise for many other shows ? very unfair and should be looked into this is the real collusion !
democrats in the senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government never been such an abuse in our country’s history mitch should not let senate go home until all are approved we need our ambassadors and all others now !
important meetings and calls on china trade deal and more today with my staff big progress being made on soooo many different fronts ! our country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level !
the us does not want to watch as these isis fighters permeate europe which is where they are expected to go we do so much and spend so much  time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing we are pulling back after 100 caliphate victory !
the united states is asking britain france germany and other european allies to take back over 800 isis fighters that we captured in syria and put them on trial the caliphate is ready to fall the alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them
trade negotiators have just returned from china where the meetings on trade were very productive now at meetings with me at maralago giving the details in the meantime billions of dollars are being paid to the united states by china in the form of trade tariffs !
great job by law enforcement in aurora illinois heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families america is with you !
“after the flight 93 election the vote that saved america  and what we still have to lose” by very talented michael anton is a terrific read check it out !
one year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in parkland florida on this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all americans especially our nation’s children 
many of the top fbi brass were fired forced to leave or left mccabe’s wife received big dollars from clinton people for her campaign  he gave hillary a pass mccabe is a disgrace to the fbi and a disgrace to our country make america great again !
california has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars they owe the federal government three and a half billion dollars we want that money back now whole project is a “green” disaster !
today it was my great honor to address the  @ mjrcitieschiefs association and  @ mcsheriffs conference in washington dc we will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down ! we love you and we thank god for you each and every day 
the gallup poll just announced that 69 of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year a 16 year high nice !
i want to thank all republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the radical left on border security not an easy task but the wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our country !
will be getting almost $23 billion for border security regardless of wall money it is being built as we speak !
was just presented the concept and parameters of the border security deal by hard working senator richard shelby looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources
will be heading to el paso very soon big speech on border security and much else tonight tremendous crowd ! see you later !
the democrats are so self righteous and angry ! loosen up and have some fun the country is doing well !
the democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens ! this is a brand new demand crazy !
no president ever worked harder than me cleaning up the mess i inherited !
well it happened again amy klobuchar announced that she is running for president talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures bad timing by the end of her speech she looked like a snowmanwoman !
the border committee democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed wall they overrode recommendations of border patrol experts but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody ! what’s going on ?
the media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative when the term executive time is used i am generally working not relaxing in fact i probably work more hours than almost any past president
it was a very bad week for the democrats with the great economic numbers the virginia disaster and the state of the union address now with the terrible offers being made by them to the border committee i actually believe they want a shutdown they want a new subject !
senator richard burr the chairman of the senate intelligence committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found no collusion between trump and russia ! is anybody really surprised by this ?
today elizabeth warren sometimes referred to by me as pocahontas joined the race for president will she run as our first native american presidential candidate or has she decided that after 32 years this is not playing so well anymore ? see you on the campaign trail liz !
the democrats just don’t seem to want border security they are fighting border agents recommendations if you believe  news  reports they are not offering much for the wall they look to be making this a campaign issue the wall will get built one way or the other !
we have a great economy despite the obama administration and all of its job killing regulations and roadblocks if that thinking prevailed in the 2016 election the us would be in a depression right now ! we were heading down and don’t let the democrats sound bites fool you !
the democrats in congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see when the republicans had the majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn ! the dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win !
i was a big fan of frank robinson both as a great player and man he was the first african american manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did he will he missed !
working hard thank you ! 
so nice how well my state of the union speech was received thank you to all !
each year america pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived  @ flotus melania and i mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire 
presidential harassment ! it should never be allowed to happen again !
democrats at the top are killing the great state of virginia if the three failing pols were republicans far stronger action would be taken virginia will come back home republican in 2020 !
the dems and their committees are going “nuts” the republicans never did this to president obama there would be no time left to run government i hear other committee heads will do the same thing even stealing people who work at white house ! a continuation of witch hunt !
so now congressman adam schiff announces after having found zero russian collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so never happened before ! unlimited presidential harassment
melania and i send our greetings to those celebrating the lunar new year today people across the united states and around the world mark the beginning of the lunar new year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings
i see schumer is already criticizing my state of the union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet he’s just upset that he didn’t win the senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would too bad we weren’t given more credit for the senate win by the media !
tremendous numbers of people are coming up through mexico in the hopes of flooding our southern border we have sent additional military we will build a human wall if necessary if we had a real wall this would be a nonevent !
i am pleased to announce that david bernhardt acting secretary of the interior will be nominated as secretary of the interior david has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed !
with caravans marching through mexico and toward our country republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for strong border security dems do nothing if there is no wall there is no security human trafficking drugs and criminals of all dimensions  keep out !
with caravans marching through mexico and toward our country republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for strong border security dems do nothing if there is no wall there is no security human trafficking drugs and criminals of all dimensionns  keep out !
ed gillespie who ran for governor of the great state of virginia against ralph northam must now be thinking malpractice and dereliction of duty with regard to his opposition research staff if they find that terrible picture before the election he wins by 20 points !
democrat governor ralph northam of virginia just stated “i believe that i am not either of the people in that photo” this was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion unforgivable !
national african american history month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of african americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations
best january for the dow in over 30 years we have by far the strongest economy in the world !
after 18 long years syria was loaded with isis until i came along we will soon have destroyed 100 of the caliphate but will be watching them closely it is now time to start coming home and after many years spending our money wisely certain people must get smart !
i inherited a total mess in syria and afghanistan the “endless wars” of unlimited spending and death during my campaign i said very strongly that these wars must finally end we spend $50 billion a year in afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace
i would suggest you read the complete testimony from tuesday a false narrative is so bad for our country i value our intelligence community happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page !
just concluded a great meeting with my intel team in the oval office who told me that what they said on tuesday at the senate hearing was mischaracterized by the media  and we are very much in agreement on iran isis north korea etc their testimony was distorted press 
schumer and the democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with iran they have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our country iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and iran deal termination dems put us in a bad place  but now good !
looking for china to open their markets not only to financial services which they are now doing but also to our manufacturing farmers and other us businesses and industries without this a deal would be unacceptable !
more troops being sent to the southern border to stop the attempted invasion of illegals through large caravans into our country we have stopped the previous caravans and we will stop these also with a wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive being built !
republicans on the homeland security committee are wasting their time democrats despite all of the evidence proof and caravans coming are not going to give money to build the desperately needed wall i’ve got you covered wall is already being built i don’t expect much help !
china’s representatives and i are trying to do a complete deal leaving nothing unresolved on the table all of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved tariffs on china increase to 25 on march 1st so all working hard to complete by that date !
meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the oval office no final deal will be made until my friend president xi and i meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points very comprehensive transaction
china’s top trade negotiators are in the us meeting with our representatives meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides china does not want an increase in tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal they are correct i will be
lets just call them walls from now on and stop playing political games ! a wall is a wall !
large sections of wall have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go renovation of existing walls is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly secure our border the wall is getting done one way or the other !
a source of potential danger and conflict they are testing rockets last week and more and are coming very close to the edge there economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back be careful of iran perhaps intelligence should go back to school !
the intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of iran they are wrong ! when i became president iran was making trouble all over the middle east and beyond since ending the terrible iran nuclear deal they are much different but
if the committee of republicans and democrats now meeting on border security is not discussing or contemplating a wall or physical barrier they are wasting their time !
time will tell what will happen with north korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen now a whole different story i look forward to seeing kim jong un shortly progress being madebig difference !
fighting continues but the people of afghanistan want peace in this never ending war we will soon see if talks will be successful ? north korea relationship is best it has ever been with us no testing getting remains hostages returned decent chance of denuclearization
a low level staffer that i hardly knew named cliff sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction he pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer he signed a nondisclosure agreement he is a mess !
how does da nang dick blumenthal serve on the senate judiciary committee when he defrauded the american people about his so called war hero status in vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in vietnam an embarrassment to our country !
in the beautiful midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded in coming days expected to get even colder people can’t last outside even for minutes what the hell is going on with global waming ? please come back fast we need you !
howard schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for president ! watched him on  @ 60minutes last night and i agree with him that he is not the “smartest person” besides america already has that ! i only hope that starbucks is still paying me their rent in trump tower !
numerous states introducing bible literacy classes giving students the option of studying the bible starting to make a turn back ? great !
tariffs on the “dumping” of steel in the united states have totally revived our steel industry new and expanded plants are happening all over the us we have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs also billions paid to our treasury a big win for us
thank you to brit this is a very big deal in europe fake  news  is the enemy of the people ! 
we are not even into february and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168 cost friday was $603331392 there are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our country so ridiculous ! dhs
about all of the one sided fake media coverage collusion with crooked h ? that i had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign what about the now revealed bias by facebook and many others roger stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the election !
only fools or people with a political agenda don’t want a wall or steel barrier to protect our country from crime drugs and human trafficking it will happen  it always does !
thank you to the republican national committee the rnc who voted unanimously yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 election considering that we have done more than any administration in the first two years this should be easy more great things now in the works !
we have turned away at great expense two major caravans but a big one has now formed and is coming at least 8000 people ! if we had a powerful wall they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey build the wall and crime will fall !
i wish people would read or listen to my words on the border wall this was in no way a concession it was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done it’s off to the races !
a third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on fake  news  cnn michael d’antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up trump stories disgraceful !
nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why ?” very simply without a wall it all doesn’t work our country has a chance to greatly reduce crime human trafficking gangs and drugs should have been done for decades we will not cave !
without a wall there cannot be safety and security at the border or for the usa build the wall and crime will fall !
back home where they belong no more rockets or m’s being fired over japan or anywhere else and most importantly no nuclear testing this is more than has ever been accomplished with north korea and the fake  news  knows it i expect another good meeting soon much potential !
the economy is doing great more people working in usa today than at any time in our history media barely covers !  @ foxandfriends
a great new book just out “game of thorns” by doug wead presidential historian and best selling author the book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that ?
alternative venue for the sotu address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the house chamber i look forward to giving a “great” state of the union address in the near future !
as the shutdown was going on nancy pelosi asked me to give the state of the union address i agreed she then changed her mind because of the shutdown suggesting a later date this is her prerogative  i will do the address when the shutdown is over i am not looking for an
the citizens of venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate maduro regime today i have officially recognized the president of the venezuelan national assembly juan guaido as the interim president of venezuela 
great unity in the republican party want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs ! border security and wall no doubt !
the united states has a great economic story to tell number one in the world by far !
last time i went to davos the fake  news  said i should not go there this year because of the shutdown i decided not to go and the fake  news  said i should be there the fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them !
without a wall our country can never have border or national security with a powerful wall or steel barrier crime rates and drugs will go substantially down all over the us the dems know this but want to play political games must finally be done correctly no cave !
nick sandmann and the students of covington have become symbols of fake  news  and how evil it can be they have captivated the attention of the world and i know they will use it for the good  maybe even to bring people together it started off unpleasant but can end in a dream !
democrats are kidding themselves they don’t really believe it ! if they say you can stop crime drugs human trafficking and caravans without a wall or steel barrier stop playing games and give america the security it deserves a humanitarian crisis !
four people in nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our country 26 people killed on the border in a drug and gang related fight two large caravans from honduras broke into mexico and are headed our way we need a powerful wall !
if nancy pelosi thinks that walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing walls between the us and mexico even the new ones just built in san diego at their very strong urging let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the us
china posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to us trade tensions and new policies makes so much sense for china to finally do a real deal and stop playing around !
today we celebrate dr martin luther king jr for standing up for the selfevident truth americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by god  # mlkday 
last year was the best year for american manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years the previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the us “you would need a magic wand” i guess i found the magic wand  and it is only getting better !
curt schilling deserves to be in the baseball hall of fame great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most do what everyone in baseball knows is right !  @ marklevinshow
a truly great first lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves ! 
will do a fantastic job ! 
the media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with north korea think of where we were at the end of the obama administration compared to now great meeting this week with top reps looking forward to meeting with chairman kim at end of february !
don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of wall right now moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible building after all is what i do best even when money is not readily available !
wow just heard that my poll numbers with hispanics has gone up 19 to 50 that is because they know the border issue better than anyone and they want security which can only be gotten with a wall
nancy i am still thinking about the state of the union speech there are so many options  including doing it as per your written offer made during the shutdown security is no problem and my written acceptance while a contract is a contract i’ll get back to you soon !
no amnesty is not a part of my offer it is a 3 year extension of daca amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegallybut be careful nancy !
be careful and try staying in your house large parts of the country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold amazing how big this system is wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned global warming right now !
mexico is doing nothing to stop the caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the united states we stopped the last two  many are still in mexico but can’t get through our wall but it takes a lot of border agents if there is no wall not easy !
 @ newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since abraham lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite president me ! at the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office !
will be leaving for dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our country !
fake  news  is truly the enemy of the people !
remember it was buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “dossier” paid for by crooked hillary clinton and the democrats as opposition research on which the entire russian probe is based ! a very sad day for journalism but a great day for our country !
just a son who loves his dad nice ! 
make america great again !
another big caravan heading our way very hard to stop without a wall !
gregg jarrett :  “mueller’s prosecutors knew the “dossier” was the product of bias and deception” it was a fake just like so much  news  coverage in our country nothing but a witch hunt from beginning to end !
thank you to amy kremer women for trump cofounder for doing such a great interview with martha maccallumand by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades  at the highest pay ever proud of that !
so funny to watch schumer groveling he called for the firing of bad cop james comey many times  until i fired him !
the left has become totally unhinged they no longer care what is right for our countrty !
it is becoming more and more obvious that the radical democrats are a party of open borders and crime they want nothing to do with the major humanitarian crisis on our southern border  # 2020 !
there are now 77 major or significant walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building walls over 800 miles of walls have been built in europe since only 2015 they have all been recognized as close to 100 successful stop the crime at our southern border !
great being with the national champion clemson tigers last night at the white house because of the shutdown i served them massive amounts of fast food i paid over 1000 hamburgers etc within one hour it was all gone great guys and big eaters !
why is nancy pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not ?
great being with the national champion clemson tigers last night at the white house because of the shutdown i served them massive amounts of fast food i paid over 1000 hamberders etc within one hour it was all gone great guys and big eaters !
polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the humanitarian crisis and crime at the border numbers are going up fast over 50 democrats will soon be known as the party of crime ridiculous that they don’t want border security !
a big new caravan is heading up to our southern border from honduras tell nancy and chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them only a wall will work only a wall or steel barrier will keep our country safe ! stop playing political games and end the shutdown !
just announced that veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good  news  for our vets and their families will soon be an all time low ! do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic  news  ?
the rank and file of the fbi are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about lyin’ james comey and the socalled “leaders” of the fbi twelve have been fired or forced to leave they got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation bad !
i am doing exactly what i pledged to do and what i was elected to do by the citizens of our great country just as i promised i am fighting for you !
for decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on china move the embassy to jerusalem make nato pay their fair share and so much else  only to do nothing or worse
getting ready to go on stage at the  # afbf100 in new orleans  packed house ! i will try and match the great game played yesterday by the new orleans saints and their incredible qb drew brees people here are very excited by the team going on stage now ! 
the fake  news  gets crazier and more dishonest every single day amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone mad ! their fake reporting creates anger and disunity take two weeks off and come back rested chill !
getting ready to address the farm convention today in nashville tennessee love our farmers love tennessee  a great combination ! see you in a little while
nancy and cryin’ chuck can end the shutdown in 15 minutes at this point it has become their and the democrats fault !
i’ve been waiting all weekend democrats must get to work now border must be secured !
“gas prices drop across the united states because president trump has deregulated energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before”  @ foxandfriends  but this is bad  news  for russia why would president trump do such a thing ? thought he worked for kremlin ?
border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the united states as we have known it is going to cease to existand americans will not go gentle into that good night patrick buchanan  the great people of our country demand proper border security now !
if elizabeth warren often referred to by me as pocahontas did this commercial from bighorn or wounded knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full indian garb it would have been a smash ! 
if elizabeth warren often referred to by me as pocahontas did this commercial from bighorn or wounded knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full indian garb it would have been a smash ! 
likewise do not want the kurds to provoke turkey russia iran and syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term us policy of destroying isis in syria  natural enemies we also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home stop the endless wars !
wish i could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the white house and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and rose garden really is something  special country special place !
thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in texas prisons most came through our southern border we can end this easily  we need a steel barrier or wall walls work ! john jones texas department of public safety   @ fox news 
the damage done to our country from a badly broken border  drugs crime and so much that is bad  is far greater than a shutdown which the dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to washington !
i’m in the white house waiting the democrats are everywhere but washington as people await their pay they are having fun and not even talking !
the building of the wall on the southern border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire country !
democrats are saying that daca is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks many hispanics will be coming over to the republican side watch !
we have a massive humanitarian crisis at our southern border we will be out for a long time unless the democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work i am in the white house ready to sign !
i do have a plan on the shutdown but to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that i won the election and i promised safety and security for the american people part of that promise was a wall at the southern border elections have consequences !
i just watched a fake reporter from the amazon washington post say the white house is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this shutdown there is no plan” the fakes always like talking chaos there is none in fact there’s almost nobody in the wh but me and
democrats should come back to washington and work to end the shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our southern border i am in the white house waiting for you !
the fbi was in complete turmoil see ny post because of comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the clinton mess not to mention his usurpation of powers from the justice department my firing of james comey was a great day for america he was a crooked cop
drug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century during the first 19 months of my administration americans saved $26 billion on prescription drugs our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working !
i look forward to hosting right out of the great state of south carolina the 2019 ncaa football champion clemson tigers at the white house on monday january 14th what a game what a coach what a team !
humanitarian crisis at our southern border i just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion ! i have been there numerous times  the democrats cryin’ chuck and nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our entire country
h1b holders in the united states can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship we want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the us
i often said during rallies with little variation that “mexico will pay for the wall” we have just signed a great new trade deal with mexico it is billions of dollars a year better than the very bad nafta deal which it replaces the difference pays for wall many times over !
when i took the oath of office 
we lose 300 americans a week 90 of which comes through the southern border these numbers will be drastically reduced if we have a wall !
from the southern border 
president obama thank you for your great support – i have been saying this all along ! 
make america great again !
getting ready to leave for the great state of texas !  # maga
gave an off the record luncheon somewhat of a white house tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday  and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers !
the mainstream media has never been more dishonest than it is now nbc and msnbc are going crazy they report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts they are truly the opposition party working with the dems may even be worse than fake  news  cnn if that is possible !
just left a meeting with chuck and nancy a total waste of time i asked what is going to happen in 30 days if i quickly open things up are you going to approve border security which includes a wall or steel barrier ? nancy said no i said byebye nothing else works !
thank you to all of america's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on national law enforcement appreciation day ! we love you and will always support you 
congratulations to a truly great football team the clemson tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful alabama team a big win also for the great state of south carolina look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the wh
talks with china are going very well !
“the president is the biggest and best supporter of the steel industry in many years we are now doing really well the tariffs let us compete was unfair that the steel industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws very positive outcome” mark glyptis united steelworkers
economic numbers looking really good can you imagine if i had long term zero interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today that would have been so easy ! still markets up big since 2016 election !
the failing new york times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on syria no different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight isis and doing all else that is prudent and necessary !
the fake  news  media in our country is the real opposition party it is truly the enemy of the people ! we must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting !
our great military has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the uss cole we have just killed the leader of that attack jamal albadawi our work against al qaeda continues we will never stop in our fight against radical islamic terrorism !
excited to see our friends in egypt opening the biggest cathedral in the middle east president elsisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future !
the only reason they do not want to build a wall is that walls work ! 99 of our illegal border crossings will end crime in our country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year ! a properly planned and constructed wall will pay for itself many times a year !
will be going to camp david tomorrow morning for meetings on border security and many other topics with  @ whitehouse senior staff
apnorc poll :  “immigration among the top concerns in 2019” people want to stop drugs and criminals at the border want border security ! tell the dems to do the inevitable now rather than later the wait is costly and dangerous !
vp mike pence and team just left the white house briefed me on their meeting with the schumer/pelosi representatives not much headway made today second meeting set for tomorrow after so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the southern border !
drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing not being fair to the consumer or to our country !
the democrats want billions of dollars for foreign aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our border figure that one out !
i don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are democrats i want to stop the shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on strong border security ! i am in the white house ready to go where are the dems ?
the democrats could solve the shutdown problem in a very short period of time all they have to do is approve real border security including a wall something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly ! this would be so easy to do !
thank you to kanye west for your nice words criminal justice reform is now law  passed in a very bipartisan way !
the story in the new york times regarding jim webb being considered as the next secretary of defense is fake  news  i’m sure he is a fine man but i don’t know jim and never met him patrick shanahan who is acting secretary of defense is doing a great job !
how do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong no collusion with russia it was the dems that colluded had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular republican in party history 93 ?
as i have stated many times if the democrats take over the house or senate there will be disruption to the financial markets we won the senate they won the house things will settle down they only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success !
president trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the antitrump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit”
the united states treasury has taken in many billions of dollars from the tariffs we are charging china and other countries that have not treated us fairly in the meantime we are doing well in various trade negotiations currently going on at some point this had to be done !
the shutdown is only because of the 2020 presidential election the democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed wall and border security  and presidential harassment for them strictly politics !
sadly there can be no real border security without the wall !
i remain ready and willing to work with democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps america safe let’s get it done !
important meeting today on border security with republican and democrat leaders in congress both parties must work together to pass a funding bill that protects this nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government
mexico is paying for the wall through the new usmca trade deal much of the wall has already been fully renovated or built we have done a lot of work $56 billion dollars that house has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of national security quick payback !
for far too long senate democrats have been obstructing more than 350 nominations these great americans left their jobs to serve our country but can’t because dems are blocking them some for two yearshistoric record passed committees but schumer putting them on hold bad !
do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling ? low gas prices are like another tax cut !
gas prices are low and expected to go down this year this would be good !
congratulations to president  @ jairbolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech  the usa is with you !
one thing has now been proven the democrats do not care about open borders and all of the crime and drugs that open borders bring !
the democrats much as i suspected have allocated no money for a new wall so imaginative ! the problem is without a wall there can be no real border security  and our country must finally have a strong and secure southern border !
happy new year to everyone including the haters and the fake  news  media ! 2019 will be a fantastic year for those not suffering from trump derangement syndrome just calm down and enjoy the ride great things are happening for our country !
remember this throughout the ages some things never get better and never change you have walls and you have wheels it was always that way and it will always be that way ! please explain to the democrats that there can never be a replacement for a good old fashioned wall !
heads of countries are calling wanting to know why senator schumer is not approving their otherwise approved ambassadors ! ? likewise in government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace ! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from
senator schumer more than a year longer than any other administration in history these are people who have been approved by committees and all others yet schumer continues to hold them back from serving their country ! very unfair !
it’s incredible how democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a wall doesn’t work it does and properly built almost 100 ! they say it’s old technology  but so is the wheel they now say it is immoral but it is far more immoral for people to be dying !
i’m in the oval office democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for border security including the wall you voted yes in 2006 and 2013 one more yes but with me in office i’ll get it built and fast !
i’m in the oval office democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for border security including the wall you voted yes in 2006 and 3013 one more yes but with me in office i’ll get it built and fast !
i am the only person in america who could say that “i’m bringing our great troops back home with victory” and get bad press it is fake  news  and pundits who have failed for years that are doing the complaining if i stayed in endless wars forever they would still be unhappy !
i campaigned on border security which you cannot have without a strong and powerful wall our southern border has long been an “open wound” where drugs criminals including human traffickers and illegals would pour into our country dems should get back here an fix now !
except the results are far better than i ever said they were going to be ! i campaigned against the never ending wars remember !
if anybody but donald trump did what i did in syria which was an isis loaded mess when i became president they would be a national hero isis is mostly gone we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families while at the same time fighting isis remnants
an all concrete wall was never abandoned as has been reported by the media some areas will be all concrete but the experts at border patrol prefer a wall that is see through thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides makes sense to me !
president and mrs obama built/has a ten foot wall around their dc mansion/compound i agree totally necessary for their safety and security the us needs the same thing slightly larger version !
great work by my administration over the holidays to save coast guard pay during this  # schumershutdown no thanks to the democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of americans !
for those that naively ask why didn’t the republicans get approval to build the wall over the last year it is because in the senate we need 10 democrat votes and they will gives us “none” for border security ! now we have to do it the hard way with a shutdown too bad !  @ fox news 
any deaths of children or others at the border are strictly the fault of the democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally they can’t if we had a wall they wouldn’t even try ! the two
just had a long and very good call with president xi of china deal is moving along very well if made it will be very comprehensive covering all subjects areas and points of dispute big progress being made !
i am in the white house waiting for the democrats to come on over and make a deal on border security from what i hear they are spending so much time on presidential harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military !
thank you to sean parnell for the nice comments on  @ foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to melania and i in iraq and germany great things are happening !
honduras guatemala and el salvador are doing nothing for the united states but taking our money word is that a new caravan is forming in honduras and they are doing nothing about it we will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries  taking advantage of us for years !
close the southern border bring our car industry back into the united states where it belongs go back to prenafta before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to mexico either we build finish the wall or we close the border
the united states looses soooo much money on trade with mexico under nafta over 75 billion dollars a year not including drug money which would be many times that amount that i would consider closing the southern border a “profit making operation” we build a wall or
brad blakeman :  “the american people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them the president says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves don’t always look to america”
brad blakeman :  “the american people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them the pesident says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves don’t always look to america”
there is right now a full scale manhunt going on in california for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop time to get tough on border security build the wall !
“border patrol agents want the wall” democrat’s say they don’t want the wall even though they know it is really needed and they don’t want ice they don’t have much to campaign on do they ? an open southern border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity !
the reason the daca for wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th circuit allowed daca to remain thereby setting up a supreme court case after ruling dems dropped deal  and that’s where we are today democrat obstruction of the needed wall
just returned from visiting our troops in iraq and germany one thing is certain we have incredible people representing our country  people that know how to win !
i hope everyone even the fake  news  media is having a great christmas ! our country is doing very well we are securing our borders making great new trade deals and bringing our troops back home we are finally putting america first merry christmas maga
i am all alone poor me in the white house waiting for the democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed border security at some point the democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our country more money than the border wall we are all talking about crazy !
saudi arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild syria instead of the united states see ? isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a great country the us that is 5000 miles away thanks to saudi a !
the wall is different than the 25 billion dollars in border security the complete wall will be built with the shutdown money plus funds already in hand the reporting has been inaccurate on the point the problem is without the wall much of the rest of dollars are wasted !
i never “lashed out” at the acting attorney general of the us a man for whom i have great respect this is a made up story one of many by the fake  news  media !
the only problem our economy has is the fed they don’t have a feel for the market they don’t understand necessary trade wars or strong dollars or even democrat shutdowns over borders the fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch  he can’t putt !
we are substantially subsidizing the militaries of many very rich countries all over the world while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the us and our taxpayers on trade general mattis did not see this as a problem i do and it is being fixed !
to those few senators who think i don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries they are wrong i do what i don’t like however is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the united states both in military protection and trade
virtually every democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a border wall or fence it was only when i made it an important part of my campaign because people and drugs were pouring into our country unchecked that they turned against it desperately needed !
president  @ rterdogan of turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of isis in syriaand he is a man who can do it plus turkey is right “next door” our troops are coming home !
“the president has been remarkable i do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is” thank you to tammy bruce and steve hilton presidential harassment has been with me from the beginning !
“it should not be the job of america to replace regimes around the world this is what president trump recognized in iraq that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades and he’s rightthe generals still don’t get the mistake”   @ randpaul
thanks  @ randpaul  “i am very proud of the president this is exactly what he promised and i think the people agree with him we’ve been at war too long and in too many placesspent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere he’s differentthat’s why he got elected”
bob corker was responsible for giving us the horrible iran nuclear deal which i ended yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement i said no and the game was over  # maga i love tennessee !
senator bob corker just stated that “i’m so priveledged to serve in the senate for twelve years and that’s what i told the people of our state that’s what i’d do serve for two terms” but that is not true  wanted to run but poll numbers tanked when i wouldn’t endorse him
we signed two pieces of major legislation this week criminal justice reform and the farm bill these are two big deals but all the fake  news  media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the never ending wars it all began 19 years ago !
unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in indonesia more than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for we are praying for recovery and healing america is with you !
the only way to stop drugs gangs human trafficking criminal elements and much else from coming into our country is with a wall or barrier drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun but it is only a good old fashioned wall that works !
when president obama ingloriously fired jim mattis i gave him a second chance some thought i shouldn’t i thought i should interesting relationshipbut i also gave all of the resources that he never really had allies are very importantbut not when they take advantage of us
brett mcgurk who i do not know was appointed by president obama in 2015 was supposed to leave in february but he just resigned prior to leaving grandstander ? the fake  news  is making such a big deal about this nothing event !
i will not be going to florida because of the shutdown  staying in the white house maga
the crisis of illegal activity at our southern border is real and will not stop until we build a great steel barrier or wall let work begin !
going to be there for three months and that was seven years ago  we never left when i became president isis was going wild now isis is largely defeated and other local countries including turkey should be able to easily take care of whatever remains we’re coming home !
our great country must have border security ! 
some of the many bills that i am signing in the oval office right now cancelled my trip on air force one to florida while we wait to see if the democrats will help us to protect america’s southern border ! 
a design of our steel slat barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful ! 
today it was my great honor to sign the  # firststepact  a monumental bipartisan win for the american people ! 
the democrats now own the shutdown !
general anthony tata author “dark winter” i think the president is making the exact right move in syria all the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on isis intelligence and gave rise to isis”
there has never been a president who has been tougher but fair on china or russia  never just look at the facts the fake  news  tries so hard to paint the opposite picture
thank you  @ stevedaines for being willing to go with the socalled nuclear option in order to win on desperately needed border security ! have my total support
mitch use the nuclear option and get it done ! our country is counting on you !
even president ronald reagan tried for 8 years to build a border wall or fence and was unable to do so others also have tried we will get it done one way or the other !
the democrats whose votes we need in the senate will probably vote against border security and the wall even though they know it is desperately needed if the dems vote no there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time people don’t want open borders and crime !
no matter what happens today in the senate republican house members should be very proud of themselves they flew back to washington from all parts of the world in order to vote for border security and the wall not one democrat voted yes and we won big i am very proud of you !
on a border is only effective in conjunction with a wall properly designed and built walls work and the democrats are lying when they say they don’t in israel the wall is 999 successful will not be any different on our southern border ! hundreds of $billions saved !
senator mitch mcconnell should fight for the wall and border security as hard as he fought for anything he will need democrat votes but as shown in the house good things happen if enough dems don’t vote it will be a democrat shutdown ! house republicans were great yesterday !
soon to be speaker nancy pelosi said last week live from the oval office that the republicans didn’t have the votes for border security today the house republicans voted and won 217185 nancy does not have to apologize all i want is great border security !
thank you to our great republican members of congress for your vote to fund border security and the wall the final numbers were 217185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before so proud of you all now on to the senate !
general jim mattis will be retiring with distinction at the end of february after having served my administration as secretary of defense for the past two years during jim’s tenure tremendous progress has been made especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting
equi pm ent general mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations a new secretary of defense will be named shortly i greatly thank jim for his service !
democrats it is time to come together and put the safety of the american people before politics border security must become a  # 1 priority ! 
congress just passed the criminal justice reform bill known as the  # firststepact congratulations ! this is a great bipartisan achievement for everybody when both parties work together we can keep our country safer a wonderful thing for the usa ! !
when i begrudgingly signed the omnibus bill i was promised the wall and border security by leadership would be done by end of year now it didn’t happen ! we foolishly fight for border security for other countries  but not for our beloved usa not good !
with so much talk about the wall people are losing sight of the great job being done on our southern border by border patrol ice and our great military remember the caravans ? well they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way border is tight fake  news  silent !
the democrats who know steel slats wall are necessary for border security are putting politics over country what they are just beginning to realize is that i will not sign any of their legislation including infrastructure unless it has perfect border security usa wins !
does the usa want to be the policeman of the middle east getting nothing but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who in almost all cases do not appreciate what we are doing ? do we want to be there forever ? time for others to finally fight
sleazebag ag eric schneiderman who has since resigned over horrific women abuse when i wanted to close the foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics shady eric was head of new yorkers for clinton and refused to even look at the corrupt clinton foundation
the trump foundation has done great work and given away lots of money both mine and others to great charities over the years  with me taking no fees rent salaries etc now as usual i am getting slammed by cuomo and the dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by
we have defeated isis in syria my only reason for being there during the trump presidency
mexico is paying indirectly for the wall through the new usmca the replacement for nafta ! far more money coming to the us because of the tremendous dangers at the border including large scale criminal and drug inflow the united states military will build the wall !
in our country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but when it comes to border security and the military the democrats fight to the death we won on the military which is being completely rebuilt one way or the other we will win on the wall !
in our country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but the democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on boarder security including a wall and the military we won on the military it is being completely rebuilt we will win
this will keep our communities safer and provide hope and a second chance to those who earn it in addition to everything else billions of dollars will be saved i look forward to signing this into law !
america is the greatest country in the world and my job is to fight for all citizens even those who have made mistakes congratulations to the senate on the bipartisan passing of a historic criminal justice reform bill
the democrats are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a concrete wall  but we are not building a concrete wall we are building artistically designed steel slats so that you can easily see through it
it will be beautiful and at the same time give our country the security that our citizens deserve it will go up fast and save us billions of dollars a month once completed !
michael isikoff was the first to report dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the dossier claims the whole russian collusion thing was a hoax but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed ?
russia dossier reporter now doubts dopey christopher steele’s claims ! “when you get into the details of the steele dossier the specific allegations we have not seen the evidence to support them there’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations
illegal immigration costs the united states more than 200 billion dollars a year how was this allowed to happen ?
i hope the people over at the fed will read today’s wall street journal editorial before they make yet another mistake also don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is stop with the 50 b’s feel the market don’t just go by meaningless numbers good luck !
good luck today in court to general michael flynn will be interesting to see what he has to say despite tremendous pressure being put on him about russian collusion in our great and obviously highly successful political campaign there was no collusion !
anytime you hear a democrat saying that you can have good border security without a wall write them off as just another politician following the party line time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control !
it is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation the outside world blowing up around us paris is burning and china way down the fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike take the victory !
anytime you hear a democrat saying that you can have good boarder security without a wall write them off as just another politician following the party line time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control !
the deductible which comes with obamacare is so high that it is practically not even useable ! hurts families badly we have a chance working with the democrats to deliver great healthcare ! a confirming supreme court decision will lead to great healthcare results for americans !
the russian witch hunt hoax started as the “insurance policy” long before i even got elected is very bad for our country they are entrapping people for misstatements lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago nothing to do with collusion a democrat scam !
a persecution of the president”  daniel henninger the wall street journal thank you people are starting to see and understand what this witch hunt is all about jeff sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total hoax to get started in the first place !
“it looks here as though general flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to donald trump without quite knowing what that crime might be it stops looking like prosecution and more looking like
required television watching is last weeks  @ marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of rod blagojevich and the  @ trishregan interview with a jerome corsi if that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our country nothing will very sad !
required television watching is last weeks  @ marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of  @ rodblagojevich and the  @ trishregan interview with a jerome corsi if that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our country nothing will very sad !
the democrats policy of child seperation on the border during the obama administration was far worse than the way we handle it now remember the 2014 picture of children in cages  the obama years however if you don’t separate far more people will come smugglers use the kids !
so where are all the missing text messages between fired fbi agents peter s and the lovely lisa page his lover just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean what an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted witch hunt moves ever so slowly forward want them !
wow 19000 texts between lisa page and her lover peter s of the fbi in charge of the russia hoax were just reported as being wiped clean and gone such a big story that will never be covered by the fake  news  witch hunt !
the pathetic and dishonest weekly standard run by failed prognosticator bill kristol who like many others never had a clue is flat broke and out of business too bad may it rest in peace !
the trump administration will be announcing the new secretary of the interior next week
secretary of the interior  @ ryanzinke will be leaving the administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and i want to thank him for his service to our nation
wow but not surprisingly obamacare was just ruled unconstitutional by a highly respected judge in texas great  news  for america !
as i predicted all along obamacare has been struck down as an unconstitutional disaster ! now congress must pass a strong law that provides great healthcare and protects preexisting conditions mitch and nancy get it done !
for the record there were many people who wanted to be the white house chief of staff mick m will do a great job !
i look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to make america great again ! john will be staying until the end of the year he is a great patriot and i want to personally thank him for his service !
many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with north korea  i always reply by saying we are in no hurry there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country
kim jong un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people we are doing just fine !
china just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our trade war with them they have just suspended us tariff hikes us is doing very well china wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal it could happen and rather soon !
china just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our trade war with them they have just suspended us tariff hikes us is doing very well china wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal it could happen and rather soon !
she will probably be given a pass despite their terrible ratings congratulations to  @ richardgrenell our great ambassador to germany for having the courage to take this horrible issue on !
if it was a conservative that said what “crazed” mika brzezinski stated on her show yesterday using a certain horrible term that person would be banned permanently from television
they gave general flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated  the fbi said he didn’t lie and they overrode the fbi they want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements sad !
guilty even on a civil basis those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he didincluding the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook as a lawyer michael has great liability to me !
guilty even on a civil bases those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he didincluding the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook as a lawyer michael has great liability to me !
stated that i did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws if they even apply because this was not campaign finance cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not
i never directed michael cohen to break the law he was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law it is called “advice of counsel” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made that is why they get paid despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly
the democrats and president obama gave iran 150 billion dollars and got nothing but they can’t give 5 billion dollars for national security and a wall ?
another very bad terror attack in france we are going to strengthen our borders even more chuck and nancy must give us the votes to get additional border security !
thanks to leader mcconnell for agreeing to bring a senate vote on criminal justice this week ! these historic changes will make communities safer and save tremendous taxpayers dollars it brings much needed hope to many families during the holiday season
james comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow democrats to take back the white house in 2020 in other words he is and has been a democrat comey had no right heading the fbi at any time but especially after his mind exploded !
fake  news  has it purposely wrong many over ten are vying for and wanting the white house chief of staff position why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in washington please report  news  correctly thank you !
very productive conversations going on with china ! watch for some important announcements !
people do not yet realize how much of the wall including really effective renovation has already been built if the democrats do not give us the votes to secure our country the military will build the remaining sections of the wall they know how important it is !
however for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left do not want border security they want open borders for anyone to come in this brings large scale crime and disease our southern border is now secure and will remain that way
james comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of campaign collusion” with russia when he left the fbi in other words the witch hunt is illegal and should never have been started !
which it was not but even if it was it is only a civil case like obama’s  but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake not me cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced witch hunt !
i am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of white house chief of staff fake  news  has been saying with certainty it was nick ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our  # maga agenda i will be making a decision soon !
leakin’ james comey must have set a record for who lied the most to congress in one day his friday testimony was so untruthful ! this whole deal is a rigged fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that i could not become president they are now exposed !
great honor to be headed to the armynavy game today will be there shortly landing now ! 
left and right he then woke up from his dream screaming that he lied next time i go to vietnam i will ask “the dick” to travel with me !
“this is collusion illusion there is no smoking gun here at this late date after all that we have gone through after millions have been spent we have no russian collusion there is nothing impeachable here”  @ geraldorivera  time for the witch hunt to end !
i am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our country ! date of transition to be determined
after two years and millions of pages of documents and a cost of over $30000000 no collusion !
the idea of a european military didn’t work out too well in ww i or 2 but the us was there for you and always will be all we ask is that you pay your fair share of nato germany is paying 1 while the us pays 43 of a much larger gdp  to protect europe fairness !
the paris agreement isn’t working out so well for paris protests and riots all over france people do not want to pay large sums of money much to third world countries that are questionably run in order to maybe protect the environment chanting “we want trump !” love france
it is being reported that leakin' james comey was told by department of justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous administration force him to answer the questions under oath !
hopefully mitch mcconnell will ask for a vote on criminal justice reform it is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support it will also help a lot of people save taxpayer dollars and keep our communities safe go for it mitch !
mike pompeo is doing a great job i am very proud of him his predecessor rex tillerson didn’t have the mental capacity needed he was dumb as a rock and i couldn’t get rid of him fast enough he was lazy as hell now it is a whole new ballgame great spirit at state !
and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the country he will be a great addition to our team i look forward to having him join our very successful administration !
i am pleased to announce that i will be nominating the honorable william p barr for the position of attorney general of the united states as the former ag for george hw bush
we will be doing a major counter report to the mueller report this should never again be allowed to happen to a future president of the united states !
it has been incorrectly reported that rudy giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the mueller report that is fake  news  already 87 pages done but obviously cannot complete until we see the final witch hunt report
china talks are going very well !
foundation be listed at the top of the report ? will the scathing document written about lyin’ james comey by the man in charge of the case rod rosenstein who also signed the fisa warrant be a big part of the report ? isn’t rod therefore totally conflicted ? will all of
will robert mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his republicans only report will andrew weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the report he wrongly destroyed people’s lives took down great companies only to be
arizona together with our military and border patrol is bracing for a massive surge at a nonwalled area we will not let them through big danger nancy and chuck must approve boarder security and the wall !
fake  news   the enemy of the people !
statement from china :  “the teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other we are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days” i agree !
my thoughts and prayers are with the  @ usmc crew members who were involved in a midair collision off the coast of japan thank you to  @ usforcesjapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts whatever you need we are here for you  @ iiimef
working hard thank you ! 
hopefully opec will be keeping oil flows as is not restricted the world does not want to see or need higher oil prices !
looking forward to being with the bush family this is not a funeral this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life he will be missed !
considered to be the worst and most dangerous addictive and deadly substance of them all last year over 77000 people died from fentanyl if china cracks down on this “horror drug” using the death penalty for distributors and pushers the results will be incredible !
one of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with president xi of china is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly fentanyl coming into the united states it will now be considered a “controlled substance” this could be a game changer on what is
very strong signals being sent by china once they returned home from their long trip including stops from argentina not to sound naive or anything but i believe president xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting all subjects discussed !
we are either going to have a real deal with china or no deal at all  at which point we will be charging major tariffs against chinese product being shipped into the united states ultimately i believe we will be making a deal  either now or into the future
in the world i want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving america’s environment but american taxpayers – and american workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution
i am glad that my friend  @ emmanuelmacron and the protestors in paris have agreed with the conclusion i reached two years ago the paris agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters
could somebody please explain to the democrats we need their votes that our country losses 250 billion dollars a year on illegal immigration not including the terrible drug flow top border security including a wall is $25 billion pays for itself in two months get it done !
but if a fair deal is able to be made with china one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done i will happily sign let the negotiations begin make america great again !
i am a tariff man when people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our nation i want them to pay for the privilege of doing so it will always be the best way to max out our economic power we are right now taking in $billions in tariffs make america rich again
on seeing whether or not a real deal with china is actually possible if it is we will get it done china is supposed to start buying agricultural product and more immediately president xi and i want this deal to happen and it probably will but if not remember
congratulations to newly inaugurated mexican president  @ lopezobrador he had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the mexican people we will work well together for many years to come !
looking forward to being with the bush family to pay my respects to president george hw bush
bob mueller who is a much different man than people think and his out of control band of angry democrats don’t want the truth they only want lies the truth is very bad for their mission !
“i will never testify against trump” this statement was recently made by roger stone essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “president trump” nice to know that some people still have “guts !”
his wife and fatherinlaw who has the money ? off scott free he lied for this outcome and should in my opinion serve a full and complete sentence
we would save billions of dollars if the democrats would give us the votes to build the wall either way people will not be allowed into our country illegally ! we will close the entire southern border if necessary also stop the drugs !
i am certain that at some time in the future president xi and i together with president putin of russia will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable arms race the us spent 716 billion dollars this year crazy !
president xi and i have a very strong and personal relationship he and i are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change on trade and far beyond between our two great nations a solution for north korea is a great thing for china and all !
farmers will be a a very big and fast beneficiary of our deal with china they intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately we make the finest and cleanest product in the world and that is what china wants farmers i love you !
my meeting in argentina with president xi of china was an extraordinary one relations with china have taken a big leap forward ! very good things will happen we are dealing from great strength but china likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed level the field !
china has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into china from the us currently the tariff is 40
this week jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of hanukkah  @ flotus melania and i send our very best wishes for a blessed and happy hanukkah ! 
however out of respect for the bush family and former president george hw bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference
i was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the g20
president george hw bush led a long successful and beautiful life  whenever i was with him i saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family his accomplishments were great from beginning to end he was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all !
to the great people of alaska you have been hit hard by a “big one” please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you your federal government will spare no expense god bless you all !
just signed one of the most important and largest trade deals in us and world history the united states mexico and canada worked so well together in crafting this great document the terrible nafta will soon be gone the usmca will be fantastic for all !
arrived in argentina with a very busy two days planned important meetings scheduled throughout our great country is extremely well represented will be very productive !
alan dershowitz :  “these are not crimes he mueller has no authority to be a roving commissioner i don’t see any evidence of crimes”  this is an illegal hoax that should be ended immediately mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side where is the ig report ?
we have been working hard on this  and it’s only going to get better ! 
they have really done a great job in capturing my longheld views and ideas this book is on sale now  a terrific read of a really interesting subject !
 @ stevescalise has written an absolutely fascinating book back in the game on the world of dc politics and more he has experienced so much in a short period of time few people have had his bravery or courage and he has come all the way back a big power and great person !
in argentina with president vladimir putin i look forward to a meaningful summit again as soon as this situation is resolved !
based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to ukraine from russia i have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting
billions of dollars are pouring into the coffers of the usa because of the tariffs being charged to china and there is a long way to go if companies don’t want to pay tariffs build in the usa otherwise lets just make our country richer than ever before !
when will this illegal joseph mccarthy style witch hunt one that has shattered so many innocent lives ever endor will it just go on forever ? after wasting more than $40000000 is that possible ? it has proven only one thingthere was no collusion with russia so ridiculous !
did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime ? at the same time mueller and the angry democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by crooked hillary clinton and the democrats a total disgrace !
general motors is very counter to what other auto and other companies are doing big steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country auto companies are pouring into the us including bmw which just announced a major new plant the usa is booming !
so much happening with the now discredited witch hunt this total hoax will be studied for years !
sebastian gorka a very talented man who i got to know well while he was working at the white house has just written an excellent book “why we fight” much will be learned from this very good read !
on behalf of  @ flotus melania and the entire trump family i want to wish you all a very merry christmas ! may this christmas season bring peace to your hearts warmth to your homes cheer to your spirits and joy to the world !  # nctl2018 ? ? 
the reason that the small truck business in the us is such a go to favorite is that for many years tariffs of 25 have been put on small trucks coming into our country it is called the “chicken tax” if we did that with cars coming in many more cars would be built here
congratulations to senator cindy hydesmith on your big win in the great state of mississippi we are all very proud of you !
for electric cars general motors made a big china bet years ago when they built plants there and in mexico  don’t think that bet is going to pay off i am here to protect america’s workers !
terrible gang of angry democrats look at their past and look where they come from the now $30000000 witch hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives where is the server ? let these terrible people go back to the clinton foundation and “justice” department !
the fake  news  media builds bob mueller up as a saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite he is doing tremendous damage to our criminal justice system where he is only looking at one side and not the other heroes will come of this and it won’t be mueller and his
brad raffensperger will be a fantastic secretary of state for georgia  will work closely with  @ briankempga it is really important that you get out and vote for brad  early voting
while cnn doesn’t do great in the united states based on ratings outside of the us they have very little competition throughout the world cnn has a powerful voice portraying the united states in an unfair
and false way something has to be done including the possibility of the united states starting our own worldwide network to show the world the way we really are great !
on the tenyear anniversary of the mumbai terror attack the us stands with the people of india in their quest for justice the attack killed 166 innocents including six americans we will never let terrorists win or even come close to winning !
when mueller does his final report will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”whatever happened to podesta ? and will he be putting in statements from
mexico should move the flag waving migrants many of whom are stone cold criminals back to their countries do it by plane do it by bus do it anyway you want but they are not coming into the usa we will close the border permanently if need be congress fund the wall !
children from parents as did bush etc because that is the policy and law i tried to keep them together but the problem is when you do that vast numbers of additional people storm the border so with obama seperation is fine but with trump it’s not fake 60 minutes !
 @ 60minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the obama administration in fact a picture of children in jails was used by other fake media to show how bad cruel we are but it was in 2014 during o years obama separated
europe has to pay their fair share for military protection the european union for many years has taken advantage of us on trade and then they don’t live up to their military commitment through nato things must change fast !
so great that oil prices are falling thank you president t add that which is like a big tax cut to our other good economic  news  inflation down are you listening fed !
would be very smart if mexico would stop the caravans long before they get to our southern border or if originating countries would not let them form it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in us no longer dems created this problem no crossings !
the large and violent french protests don’t take into account how badly the united states has been treated on trade by the european union or on fair and reasonable payments for our great military protection both of these topics must be remedied soon
all will stay in mexico if for any reason it becomes necessary we will close our southern border there is no way that the united states will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore !
migrants at the southern border will not be allowed into the united states until their claims are individually approved in court we only will allow those who come into our country legally other than that our very strong policy is catch and detain no “releasing” into the us
i am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by  @ ustreasury secretary  @ stevenmnuchin1 the fake  news  likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they aren’t true they never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story
really good criminal justice reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and  @ senschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country already passed with big vote in house would be a major victory for all !
really good criminal justice reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support  @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and  @ senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country already past with big vote in house would be a major victory for all !
republicans and democrats must come together finally with a major border security package which will include funding for the wall after 40 years of talk it is finally time for action fix the border for once and for all now !
our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the border because of the judicial activism and interference by the 9th circuit nevertheless they are working hard to make america a safer place though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins !
this is the coldest weather in the history of the thanksgiving day parade in nyc and one of the coldest thanksgivings on record !
and safety at the border or anywhere else they know nothing about it and are making our country unsafe our great law enforcement professionals must be allowed to do their job ! if not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death we want the constitution as written !
you just can’t win with the fake  news  media a big story today is that because i have pushed so hard and gotten gasoline prices so low more people are driving and i have caused traffic jams throughout our great nation sorry everyone !
there are a lot of criminals in the caravan we will stop them catch and detain ! judicial activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger not good !
are so many opposing view on border and safety cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned please study the numbers they are shocking we need protection and security  these rulings are making our country unsafe ! very dangerous and unwise !
sorry chief justice john roberts but you do indeed have “obama judges” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country it would be great if the 9th circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary” but if it is why
make america great again !
socalled comedian michelle wolf bombed so badly last year at the white house correspondents’ dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition ! maybe i will go ?
the fake  news  is showing old footage of people climbing over our ocean area fence this is what it really looks like  no climbers anymore under our administration ! 
we no longer pay pakistan the $billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us bin laden being a prime example afghanistan being another they were just one of many countries that take from the united states without giving anything in return that’s ending !
from day one rick scott never wavered he was a great governor and will be even a greater senator in representing the people of florida congratulations to rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign !
the mayor of tijuana mexico just stated that “the city is illprepared to handle this many migrants the backlog could last 6 months” likewise the us is illprepared for this invasion and will not stand for it they are causing crime and big problems in mexico go home !
so funny to see little adam schitt dca talking about the fact that acting attorney general matt whitaker was not approved by the senate but not mentioning the fact that bob mueller who is highly conflicted was not approved by the senate !
incredible to be with our great heroes today in california we will always be with you ! 
i can’t imagine any president having a better or closer relationship with their vice president then the two of us just more fake  news  the enemy of the people !
the new york times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with  @ vp mike pence they made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote
congratulations to andrew gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for governor of the great state of florida he will be a strong democrat warrior long into the future  a force to reckon with !
i can get nancy pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be speaker of the house she deserves this victory she has earned it  but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away she will win !  @ tomreedcongress
their country’s flag can this be possible ? yes because it is all a big con and the american taxpayer is paying for it !
isn’t it ironic that large caravans of people are marching to our border wanting usa asylum because they are fearful of being in their country  yet they are proudly waving
congratulations to brian kemp on becoming the new governor of georgia stacey abrams fought brilliantly and hard  she will have a terrific political future ! brian was unrelenting and will become a great governor for the truly wonderful people of georgia !
people are not being told that the republican party is on track to pick up two seats in the us senate and epic victory :  53 to 47 the fake  news  media only wants to speak of the house where the midterm results were better than other sitting presidents
today in the east room of the  @ whitehouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary americans with the presidential medal of freedom
people are not being told that the republican party is on track to pick up two seats in the us senate and epic victory :  53 to 47 the fake  news  media only wants to speak of the house were the midterm results were better than other sitting presidents
it is our sacred duty to support america’s service members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as veterans together we will honor those who defend us we will cherish those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes 
last year i signed the landmark va accountability act to ensure those who mistreat our veterans can be held fully accountable since my inauguration we have removed more than 3600 government employees who were not giving our vets the care they deserve 
the only “collusion” is that of the democrats with russia and many others why didn’t the fbi take the server from the dnc ? they still don’t have it check out how biased facebook google and twitter are in favor of the democrats that’s the real collusion !
care how many lives the ruin these are angry people including the highly conflicted bob mueller who worked for obama for 8 years they won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side a total witch hunt like no other in american history !
the inner workings of the mueller investigation are a total mess they have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts they are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want they are a disgrace to our nation and don’t
the white house is running very smoothly and the results for our nation are obviously very good we are the envy of the world but anytime i even think about making changes the fake  news  media goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible ! very dishonest !
our pledge to hire american includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job and new life the legislation i am supporting today contains many significant reforms read more here :  
just spoke to governor jerry brown to let him know that we are with him and the people of california all the way !
not seen in many years america’s steelworkers get a hardearned raise because of my administration’s policies to help bring back the us steel industry which is critical to our national security i will always protect america and its workers !
it was my great honor to host a celebration of diwali the hindu festival of lights in the roosevelt room at the  @ whitehouse this afternoon very very special people ! 
we mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the california wildfires i want to thank the firefighters and first responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger 
the story in the new york times concerning north korea developing missile bases is inaccurate we fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new  and nothing happening out of the normal just more fake  news  i will be the first to let you know if things go bad !
when will bill nelson concede in florida ? the characters running broward and palm beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes too much spotlight on them now !
the problem is that emmanuel suffers from a very low approval rating in france 26 and an unemployment rate of almost 10 he was just trying to get onto another subject by the way there is no country more nationalist than france very proud peopleand rightfully so !
on trade france makes excellent wine but so does the us the problem is that france makes it very hard for the us to sell its wines into france and charges big tariffs whereas the us makes it easy for french wines and charges very small tariffs not fair must change !
i just approved an expedited request for a major disaster declaration for the state of california wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on i am with you all the way god bless all of the victims and families affected
the california fire fighters fema and  first responders are amazing and very brave thank you and god bless you all !
the florida election should be called in favor of rick scott and ron desantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere and many ballots are missing or forged an honest vote count is no longer possibleballots massively infected must go with election night !
of money spent on protecting other countries and we get nothing but trade deficits and losses it is time that these very rich countries either pay the united states for its great military protection or protect themselvesand trade must be made free and fair !
hundreds of billions of dollars for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade i told them that this situation cannot continue  it is and always has been ridiculously unfair to the united states massive amounts
just returned from france where much was accomplished in my meetings with world leaders never easy bringing up the fact that the us must be treated fairly which it hasn’t on both military and trade we pay for large portions of other countries military protection
exactly 100 years ago today on november 11th 1918 world war i came to an end we are gathered together at this hallowed resting place to pay tribute to the brave americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle 
poland a great country  congratulations on the 100th anniversary of your independence i will never forget my time there ! 
beautiful ceremony today in paris commemorating the end of world war one many world leaders in attendance thank you to  @ emmanuelmacron president of france ! now off to suresnes american cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes ! then back to the usa
on this veterans day — the 100th anniversary of the end of wwi we honor the brave heroes who fought for america in the great war and every veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our nation safe strong and free ! 
with proper forest management we can stop the devastation constantly going on in california get smart !
more than 4000 are fighting the camp and woolsey fires in california that have burned over 170000 acres our hearts are with those fighting the fires the 52000 who have evacuated and the families of the 11 who have died the destruction is catastrophic god bless them all
trying to steal two big elections in florida ! we are watching closely !
had very productive meetings and calls for our country today meeting tonight with world leaders !
i am in paris getting ready to celebrate the end of world war one is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war in particular that one which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time ?
there is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in california except that forest management is so poor billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forests remedy now or no more fed payments !
president macron of france has just suggested that europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the us china and russia very insulting but perhaps europe should first pay its fair share of nato which the us subsidizes greatly !
thank you  @ marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to election theft in broward and palm beach counties the world is now watching closely !
in the 2016 election i was winning by so much in florida that broward county which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in broward for them to falsify a victory !
you mean they are just now finding votes in florida and georgia – but the election was on tuesday ? let’s blame the russians and demand an immediate apology from president putin !
great bravery shown by police california highway patrol was on scene within 3 minutes with first officer to enter shot numerous times that sheriff’s sergeant died in the hospital god bless all of the victims and families of the victims thank you to law enforcement
i have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in california law enforcement and first responders together with the fbi are on scene 13 people at this time have been reported dead likewise the shooter is dead along with the first police officer to enter the bar
we thank attorney general jeff sessions for his service and wish him well ! a permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date
we are pleased to announce that matthew g whitaker chief of staff to attorney general jeff sessions at the department of justice will become our new acting attorney general of the united states he will serve our country well
in all fairness nancy pelosi deserves to be chosen speaker of the house by the democrats if they give her a hard time perhaps we will add some republican votes she has earned this great honor !
if the democrats think they are going to waste taxpayer money investigating us at the house level then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of classified information and much else at the senate level two can play that game !
to any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great midterm election just remember two words  fake  news  !
i will be doing a  news  conference at the white house  11 : 30 am will be discussing our success in the midterms !
those that worked with me in this incredible midterm election embracing certain policies and principles did very well those that did not say goodbye ! yesterday was such a very big win and all under the pressure of a nasty and hostile media !
received so many congratulations from so many on our big victory last night including from foreign nations friends that were waiting me out and hoping on trade deals now we can all get back to work and get things done !
 @ davidasmanfox  “how do the democrats respond to this ? think of how his position with republicans improvesall the candidates who won tonight they realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them they owe him their political career” thanks i agree !
tremendous success tonight thank you to all !
epstein all the way in michigan house 11 she is a wonderful person and at the same time a real fighter has my strong endorsement !
bob hugin successful all of his life would be a great senator from new jersey he has my complete and total endorsement ! get out and vote for bob
congressman peter king of new york is a hardworking gem loves his country and his state get out and vote for peter !
a fantastic evening in cape girardeau missouri josh  @ hawleymo will be a tireless champion for you he is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime he shares your values and he will always support our military vets and police ! get out tomorrow and vote for josh ! 
a fantastic evening in girardeau missouri josh  @ hawleymo will be a tireless champion for you he is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime he shares your values and he will always support our military vets and police ! get out tomorrow and vote for josh ! 
you have been loyal and faithful to your country and now you have a president that is loyal and faithful to you get out tomorrow and 
massive crowd inside and outside the allen county war memorial coliseum in fort wayne indiana ! thank you for joining us tonight  and make sure you get out and 
there is only one way to stop this democratled assault on our sovereignty – you have to vote republican tomorrow ! polling locations :  
republicans have created the best economy in the history of our country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth the democrat agenda is a socialist nightmare the republican agenda is the american dream ! 
thank you ohio ! when you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice a vote for republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity a vote for dems is a vote to bring this economic boom crashing to a sudden screeching halt vote  @ mikedewine ! 
“bill nelson is kind of an empty figure in washington you never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues  he is just under the radar” chris wallace on  @ fox news   in other words nelson is a “stiff”
law enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any illegal voting which may take place in tuesday’s election or early voting anyone caught will be subject to the maximum criminal penalties allowed by law thank you !
i need  @ claudiatenney of  # ny22 to be reelected in order to get our big plans moving her opponent would be a disaster nobody works harder than claudia and she is a producer i look forward to working together with her  she has my strongest endorsement ! vote claudia !
no matter what she says senator claire mccaskill will always vote against us and the great state of missouri ! vote for josh hawley  he will be a great senator !
 @ debbiestabenow voted against tax cuts great healthcare supreme court justices and all of the many things the people of michigan wanted and need she is an automatic far left vote controlled by her bosses john james can be a truly great senator !
john james running as a republican for the senate from michigan is a spectacular young star of the future we should make him a star of the present a distinguished west point grad and vet people should vote out schumer puppet debbie stabenow who does nothing for michigan !
in just 2 days the people of tennessee are going to elect  @ votemarsha blackburn to the united states senate to protect your jobs defend your borders and continue making america great again ! get out on tuesday and vote for marsha ! 
great to be back in tennessee on our way to the mckenzie arena in chattanooga for a huge  # magarally  see everyone soon ! 
 @ dannytarkanian is a great guy and a team player he will represent his district state and country at the highest level danny is strong on military our vets second amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for vote for danny  he has my strong endorsement !
heading to pensacola florida  will be there soon amazing lines of people wanting to get in  what a crowd ! is this a sign of republican strength on tuesday ? 
in all the time i’ve been president almost two years never once did senator bill nelson call me to ask for help for the great state of florida i never see him until election time
arizona is such a great state but it needs border security which  @ marthamcsally will provide and krysten sinema doesn’t even think about if it were up to sinema  drugs crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into arizona at an ever increasing pace vote for martha !
landing in montana now  at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than barack obama’s 
a vicious accuser of justice kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or fake ! can you imagine if he didn’t become a justice of the supreme court because of her disgusting false statements what about the others ? where are the dems on this ?
a vicious accuser of justice kavanough has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or fake ! can you imagine if he didn’t become a justice of the supreme court because of her disgusting false statements what about the others ? where are the dems on this ?
scott perry of pennsylvania is fantastic he is strong on the border crime the military our vets and the second amendment scott has my total endorsement !
in just 4 days the people of indiana are going to send mike  @ braun4indiana to the united states senate so we can keep making america great again ! get out and vote ! 
will be going to west virginia and indiana today two rallies ! don’t tell anyone big secret but i will be bringing coach bobby knight to indiana he’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the greatest political movement in american history !
beautiful evening at a  # magarally with great american patriots loyal citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back this country – returning power to you the american people get out and 
together we are making america safe and great again ! 
his opponent jared polis is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job get out and vote – walker has my complete and total endorsement !
 @ walkerstapleton will be an extraordinary governor for the state of colorado he is strong smart and has been successful at everything he has ever done
just had a long and very good conversation with president xi jinping of china we talked about many subjects with a heavy emphasis on trade those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the g20 in argentina also had good discussion on north korea !
it is outrageous what the democrats are doing to our country vote republican now ! 
yesterday in pittsburgh i was really impressed with congressman keith rothfus far more so than any other local political figure his sincere level of compassion grief and sorrow for the events that took place was in its own way very inspiring vote for keith !
paul ryan should be focusing on holding the majority rather than giving his opinions on birthright citizenship something he knows nothing about ! our new republican majority will work on this closing the immigration loopholes and securing our border !
republicans will protect people with preexisting conditions far better than the dems !
the world is using our laws to our detriment they laugh at the stupidity they see !
harry reid was right in 1993 before he and the democrats went insane and started with the open borders which brings massive crime “stuff” don’t forget the nasty term anchor babies i will keep our country safe this case will be settled by the united states supreme court !
socalled birthright citizenship which costs our country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens will be ended one way or the other it is not covered by the 14th amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof” many legal scholars agree
stock market up more than 400 points yesterday today looks to be another good one companies earnings are great !
melania and i were treated very nicely yesterday in pittsburgh the office of the president was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day we were treaty so warmly small protest was not seen by us staged far away the fake  news  stories were just the oppositedisgraceful !
our military is being mobilized at the southern border many more troops coming we will not let these caravans which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members into the us our border is sacred must come in legally turn around !
the caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people fought back hard and viciously against mexico at northern border before breaking through mexican soldiers hurt were unable or unwilling to stop caravan should stop them before they reach our border but won’t !
 @ mikedewine will be a great governor for the people of ohio he is an outstanding man who loves his state – and always produces big
richard cordray will let you down just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran clone of pocahontas that’s not for ohio mike has my total endorsement !
 @ denver4va of the 5th district in virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done ! really big help with tax cuts the military and our great vets he has my total endorsement !
congressman  @ denverriggleman of the 5th district in virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done ! really big help with tax cuts the military and our great vets he has my total endorsement !
check out tweets from last two days i refer to fake  news  media when mentioning enemy of the people  but dishonest reporters use only the word “media” the people of our great country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much fake  news  they get it and fully understand !
cnn and others in the fake  news  business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that i said the “media is the enemy of the people” wrong ! i said that the “fake  news  media is the enemy of the people” a very big difference when you give out false information  not good !
in florida there is a choice between a harvard/yale educated man named  @ rondesantisfl who has been a great congressman and will be a great governor  and a dem who is a thief and who is mayor of poorly run tallahassee said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the country !
many gang members and some very bad people are mixed into the caravan heading to our southern border please go back you will not be admitted into the united states unless you go through the legal process this is an invasion of our country and our military is waiting for you !
had a very good conversation with the newly elected president of brazil jair bolsonaro who won his race by a substantial margin we agreed that brazil and the united states will work closely together on trade military and everything else ! excellent call wished him congrats !
of anger and outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in peace and harmony fake  news  must end !
all of america is in mourning over the mass murder of jewish americans at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh we pray for those who perished and their loved ones and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries
this evil antisemitic attack is an assault on humanity it will take all of us working together to extract the poison of antisemitism from our world we must unite to conquer hate
as you know earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing jewish americans at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh pennsylvania the shooter is in custody and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police 
events in pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought spoke with mayor and governor to inform them that the federal government has been and will be with them all the way i will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at future farmers of america
a big change is coming  don’t want the dems anymore ! 
if you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up if you never quit if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve and no dream beyond your reach !  # ybls2018 
it was my great honor thank you ! 
whether you are africanamerican hispanicamerican or any american at all – you have the right to live in a country that puts your needs first ! 
it is my great honor to be with so many brilliant courageous patriotic and proud americans seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in america’s future each of yod.c.aking part in the young black leadership summit because you are true leaders 
i want to applaud the fbi secret service department of justice the us attorneys’ office for the southern district of new york the nypd and all law enforcement partners across the country for their incredible work skill and determination !
i would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to highprofile figures throughout our country and a media org i am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody 
i will be speaking at the young black leadership summit in 15 minutes where i will address the investigation into the bomb packages
republicans are doing so well in early voting and at the polls and now this “bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows   news  not talking politics very unfortunate what is going on republicans go out and vote !
twitter has removed many people from my account and more importantly they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join  they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all a few weeks ago it was a rocket ship now it is a blimp ! total bias ?
the united states has been spending billions of dollars a year on illegal immigration this will not continue democrats must give us the votes to pass strong but fair laws if not we will be forced to play a much tougher hand
funny how lowly rated cnn and others can criticize me at will even blaming me for the current spate of bombs and ridiculously comparing this to september 11th and the oklahoma city bombing yet when i criticize them they go wild and scream “it’s just not presidential !”
the service members who died that day included brave young marines just out of high school accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world 
 @ brucepoliquin from maine is a great congressman he is in a tough fight against a very liberal nancy pelosi democrat bruce has helped bring jobs back to his state and totally protects your great second amendment we need to keep bruce in washington he has my full endorsement !
 @ mikedunleavygov will make a fantastic governor of alaska mike is for energy and jobs is tough on crime loves our vets and our great second amendment mike has my complete and total endorsement !
 @ lloydsmuckerpa is doing a great job for the people of pennsylvania he is strong on the border crime the military our vets and the 2nd amendment lloyd has my total endorsement !
 @ troybalderson of ohio is doing a great job as your congressman already very respected in washington get out and vote for troy  we need him – great guy – has my total endorsement !
 @ johnchrin of pennsylvania is fantastic he is strong on the border crime the military our vets and the 2nd amendment he is a powerful vote for  # maga and loves the great state of pennsylvania please get out and vote for john he has my total and very strong endorsement !
i agree with their stance 100 and the united states is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration the prime minister is working very hard on the economy of italy  he will be successful !
to those in the caravan turnaround we are not letting people into the united states illegally go back to your country and if you want apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing !
a very big part of the anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the mainstream media that i refer to as fake  news  it has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description mainstream media must clean up its act fast !
brandon judd of the national border patrol council is right when he says on  @ foxandfriends that the democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the border must be chanded but i am bringing out the military for this national emergency they will be stopped !
the socalled experts on trump over at the new york times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect i do not have time here to correct it i only use government phones and have only one seldom used government cell phone story is soooo wrong !
the safety of the american people is my highest priority i have just concluded a briefing with the fbi department of justice department of homeland security and the us secret service 
we are a great sovereign nation we have strong borders and will never accept people coming into our country illegally !
for those who want and advocate for illegal immigration just take a good look at what has happened to europe over the last 5 years a total mess ! they only wish they had that decision to make over again
billions of dollars are and will be coming into united states coffers because of tariffs great also for negotiations  if a country won’t give us a fair trade deal we will institute tariffs on them used or not jobs and businesses will be created us respected again !
jay webber of new jersey running for congress is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise taxes substantially jay wants big tax cuts and changes a harvard graduate and father of seven jay will be great for new jersey and get the job doneand i will help !
congressman erik paulsen of the great state of minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting taxes and job killing regulations hard working and very smart keep erik in congress he has my strong endorsement !
we send our deepest condolences to  @ reploubarletta and the entire barletta family on the passing of his brother lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of pennsylvania our thoughts and prayers are with lou and the entire barletta family !
at stake in this election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved  or whether we let the radical democrat mob take a giant wrecking ball to our country and our economy !  # jobsnotmobs 
we send our deepest condolences to lou and the entire barletta family  he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of pennsylvania our thoughts and prayers are with you lou !
thank you houston texas get out and 
the fake  news  media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world including the european union as being very low
i say of course they’re low  because for the first time in 50 years i am making them pay a big price for doing business with america why should they like me ? — but i still like them !
guatemala honduras and el salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the us we will now begin cutting off or substantially reducing the massive foreign aid routinely given to them
every time you see a caravan or people illegally coming or attempting to come into our country illegally think of and blame the democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic immigration laws ! remember the midterms ! so unfair to those who come in legally
sadly it looks like mexico’s police and military are unable to stop the caravan heading to the southern border of the united states criminals and unknown middle easterners are mixed in i have alerted border patrol and military that this is a national emergy must change laws !
facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of fake  news  does that mean cnn will finally be put out of business ?
best jobs numbers in the history of our great country ! many other things likewise so why wouldn’t we win the midterms ? dems can never do even nearly as well ! think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401k’s !
the caravans are a disgrace to the democrat party change the immigration laws now !
full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our souther border people have to apply for asylum in mexico first and if they fail to do that the us will turn them away the courts are asking the us to do things that are not doable !
all levels of government and law enforcement are watching carefully for voter fraud including during early voting cheat at your own peril violators will be subject to maximum penalties both civil and criminal !
heading to nevada to help a man who has become a good friend senator dean heller he is all about  # maga and i need his help and talent in washington also adam laxalt will be a great governor and has my complete and total endorsement winners both !
rick scott is known as easily one of the best governors in the usa florida is setting records in almost every category of success amazing achievementthe envy of the world ron desantis will build on this success his incompetent opponent will destroy florida  next venezuela !
get out and early vote for brian kemp he will be a great governor for the state of georgia !
georgia secretary of state brian kemp will be a great governor he has been successful at whatever he has done and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years he has my strong endorsement his opponent is totally unqualified would destroy a great state !
on my way  see you all shortly ! 
this is what it is all about for the republican party !  # jobsnotmobs 
beto o’rourke is a total lightweight compared to ted cruz and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the great state of texas he will never be allowed to turn texas into venezuela !
when referring to the usa i will always capitalize the word country !
the only thing keeping tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists who couldn’t care less about our country !
prime minister  @ abeshinzo of japan has been working with me to help balance out the onesided trade with japan these are some of the investments they are making in our country  just the beginning ! 
thank you mexico we look forward to working with you ! 
can you believe this and what democrats are allowing to be done to our country ? 
all republicans support people with preexisting conditions and if they don’t they will after i speak to them i am in total support also democrats will destroy your medicare and i will keep it healthy and well !
the crown prince he is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the saudis and turkey and just gave a  news  conference to that effect
congressman  @ davebratva7th is one of the hardest working and smartest people in washington he is strong on the border crime the military our vets and the 2nd amendment he is a powerful vote for maga and loves the great state of virginia dave has my total endorsement !
the assault on our country at our southern border including the criminal elements and drugs pouring in is far more important to me as president than trade or the usmca hopefully mexico will stop this onslaught at their northern border all democrats fault for weak laws !
in addition to stopping all payments to these countries which seem to have almost no control over their population i must in the strongest of terms ask mexico to stop this onslaught  and if unable to do so i will call up the us military and close our southern border !
i am watching the democrat party led because they want open borders and existing weak laws assault on our country by guatemala honduras and el salvador whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people including many criminals from entering mexico to us
college educated women want safety security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our country i supply all of this far better than any democrat for decades actually that’s why they will be voting for me !
republicans must make the horrendous weak and outdated immigration laws and the border a part of the midterms !
hard to believe that with thousands of people from south of the border walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large caravans that the democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country great midterm issue for republicans !
ap headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story they just can’t help themselves fake  news  !
ted cruz has done so much for texas including massive cuts in taxes and regulations  which has brought texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state he watches carefully over your 2nd amendment o’rourke would blow it all ! ted has long had my strong endorsement !
“trump could be the most honest president in modern history when you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness which is promise keeping he is probably the most honest president in american history he’s done exactly what he said he would do” marc thiessen wpost
elizabeth warren is being hammered even by the left her false claim of indian heritage is only selling to very low iq individuals !
anybody entering the united states illegally will be arrested and detained prior to being sent back to their country !
we have today informed the countries of honduras guatemala and el salvador that if they allow their citizens or others to journey through their borders and up to the united states with the intention of entering our country illegally all payments made to them will stop end !
wow john james is making headway in michigan we are bringing jobs back to the state and the people of michigan appreciate it debbie stabenow has been no help if anything a major hindrance john james is a star i hope the voters see it polls are tightening !
during the call and told me that he has already started and will rapidly expand a full and complete investigation into this matter answers will be forthcoming shortly
just spoke with the crown prince of saudi arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their turkish consulate he was with secretary of state mike pompeo
register to 
is it really possible that bruce ohr whose wife nellie was paid by simpson and gps fusion for work done on the fake dossier and who was used as a pawn in this whole scam witch hunt is still working for the department of justice ? ? can this really be so ? ?
for the record i have no financial interests in saudi arabia or russia for that matter any suggestion that i have is just more fake  news  of which there is plenty !
the united states has strongly informed the president of honduras that if the large caravan of people heading to the us is not stopped and brought back to honduras no more money or aid will be given to honduras effective immediately !
thank you to the cherokee nation for revealing that elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas is a complete and total fraud !
now that her claims of being of indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie elizabeth warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the american public harvard called her “a person of color” amazing con and would not have taken her otherwise !
together we will prevail ! 
just arrived in florida also thinking about our great alabama farmers and our many friends in north and south carolina today we are with you !
on our way to florida and georgia !
just spoke to the king of saudi arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our saudi arabian citizen” he said that they are working closely with turkey to find answer i am immediately sending our secretary of state to meet with king !
will be leaving for florida and georgia with the first lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with fema first responders and law enforcement maximum effort is taking place everyone is working very hard worst hit in 50 years !
“the only way to shut down the democrats new mob rule strategy is to stop them cold at the ballot box the fight for america’s future is never over !” ben shapiro
thank you to nbc for the correction ! 
princess eugenie of york was a truly beautiful bride yesterday she has been through so much and has come out a total winner !
nbc  news  has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about general robert e lee and general ulysses grant was actually a shoutout to warrior grant and the great state in which he was born as usual dishonest reporting even mainstream media embarrassed !
congratulations to tucker carlson on the great success of his book “ship of fools” it just went to number one !
pastor andrew brunson released by turkey will be with me in the oval office at 2 : 30  pm  this afternoon it will be wonderful to see and meet him he is a great christian who has been through such a tough experience i would like to thank president  @ rterdogan for his help !
the great football and lacrosse player jim brown outside the west wing of the  @ whitehouse he is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people ! 
people have no idea how hard hurricane michael has hit the great state of georgia i will be visiting both florida and georgia early next week we are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit  we are with you !
my thoughts and prayers are with pastor brunson and we hope to have him safely back home soon !
so nice everyone wants ivanka trump to be the new united nations ambassador she would be incredible but i can already hear the chants of nepotism ! we have great people that want the job
florida highway patrol troopers are all en route to the panhandle from all across the state of florida  to help those affected by  # hurricanemichael if you see them be sure to shake their hands and say thank you !  # lesm 
massive overflow crowd tonight in erie pennsylvania thank you to everyone who came out and joined us together we are making america great again ! 
couldn’t let these great people down they have been lined up since last night  see you soon pennsylvania ! 
departing the  @ whitehouse for erie pennsylvania i cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there  and the thousands that are going i look forward to seeing everyone this evening
we are with you florida ! 
walker stapleton is running as the highly respected republican candidate for governor of the great state of colorado his credentials and talents are impeccable he has my complete and total endorsement !
florida  it is imperative that you heed the directions of your state and local officials please be prepared be careful and be safe !  # hurricanemichael 
looks to be a cat 3 which is even more intense than florence good  news  is the folks in the pan handle can take care of anything  @ fema and first responders are ready  be prepared !  # hurricanemichael
hurricane on its way to the florida pan handle with major elements arriving tomorrow could also hit in later stage parts of georgia and unfortunately north carolina and south carolina again
will be going to iowa tonight for rally and more ! the farmers and all are very happy with usmca !
great evening last night at the white house honoring justice kavanaugh and family our country is very proud of them !
the paid.c.rotesters are now ready to really protest because they haven’t gotten their checks  in other words they weren’t paid ! screamers in congress and outside were far too obvious  less professional than anticipated by those paying or not paying the bills !
we thank you we salute you we honor you and we promise you :  we will always have your back – now and forever !  # iacp2018 
you don’t hand matches to an arsonist and you don’t give power to an angry leftwing mob democrats have become too extreme and too dangerous to govern republicans believe in the rule of law  not the rule of the mob vote republican !
thank you kansas  i love you ! 
i applaud and congratulate the us senate for confirming our great nominee judge brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme court later today i will sign his commission of appointment and he will be officially sworn in very exciting !
i have asked steve daines our great republican senator from montana to attend his daughter annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote steve was ready to do whatever he had to but we had the necessary number to the daines family congratulationshave a wonderful day !
women for kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over capitol hill in preparation for a 35  pm  vote it is a beautiful thing to see  and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs big day for america !
women for kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over capital hill in preparation for a 35  pm  vote it is a beautiful thing to see  and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs big day for america !
the very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make senators look bad don’t fall for it ! also look at all of the professionally made identical signs paid for by soros and others these are not signs made in the basement from love !  # troublemakers
thank you minnesota  i love you !
working hard thank you ! 
this is now the 7th time the fbi has investigated judge kavanaugh if we made it 100 it would still not be good enough for the obstructionist democrats
this is a very important time in our country due process fairness and common sense are now on trial !
our country’s great first lady melania is doing really well in africa the people love her and she loves them ! it is a beautiful thing to see
wow such enthusiasm and energy for judge brett kavanaugh look at the energy look at the polls something very big is happening he is a fine man and great intellect the country is with him all the way !
my thoughts and prayers are with the florence county sheriff’s office and the florence police department tonight in south carolina we are forever grateful for what our law enforcement officers do 24/7/365 
i see it each time i go out to rallies in order to help some of our great republican candidates voters are really angry at the vicious and despicable way democrats are treating brett kavanaugh ! he and his wonderful family deserve much better
mexico canada and the united states are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force we will now because of the usmca work very well together great spirit !
thank you to congressman tom reed of new york for your wonderful comments on our great new trade deal with mexico and canada the usmca i have long ago given you my full endorsement and for good reason keep up the great work !  @ varneyco
thank you governor phil bryant  it was my great honor to be there !  # maga 
the stock market just reached an alltime high during my administration for the 102nd time a presidential record by far for less than two years so much potential as trade and military deals are completed
the failing new york times did something i have never seen done before they used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old boring and often told hit piece on me added up this means that 97 of their stories on me are bad never recovered from bad election call !
thank you mississippi  together we are making america great again ! 
thank you mississippi  i love you ! 
this is really an incredible time for our nation  we are respected again ! 
proud of our great first lady  and she loves doing this ! 
the only reason to vote for a democrat is if you’re tired of winning !
great reviews on the new usmca thank you ! mexico and canada will be wonderful partners in trade and more long into the future
thank you tennessee  i love you ! 
deficiencies and mistakes in nafta greatly opens markets to our farmers and manufacturers reduces trade barriers to the us and will bring all three great nations together in competition with the rest of the world the usmca is a historic transaction !
deficiencies and mistakes in nafta greatly opens markets to our farmers and manufacturers reduce trade barriers to the us and will bring all three great nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world the usmca is a historic transaction !
late last night our deadline we reached a wonderful new trade deal with canada to be added into the deal already reached with mexico the new name will be the united states mexico canada agreement or usmca it is a great deal for all three countries solves the many
wow ! just starting to hear the democrats who are only thinking obstruct and delay are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of fbi looking into judge kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough hello ! for them it will never be enough  stay tuned and watch !
so if africanamerican unemployment is now at the lowest number in history median income the highest and you then add all of the other things i have done how do democrats who have done nothing for africanamericans but talk win the black vote ?  and it will only get better !
like many i don’t watch saturday night live even though i past hosted it  no longer funny no talent or charm it is just a political ad for the dems word is that kanye west who put on a maga hat after the show despite being told “no” was great he’s leading the charge !
nbc  news  incorrectly reported as usual that i was limiting the fbi investigation of judge kavanaugh and witnesses only to certain people actually i want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate at their discretion please correct your reporting !
thank you west virginia  i love you ! 
heading to west virginia now big rally will be live on  @ fox news  tonight long lines but will be great !
senator richard blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in vietnam where for 12 years he told the people of connecticut as their attorney general that he was a great marine war hero talked about his many battles of near death but was never in vietnam total phony !
judge kavanaugh showed america exactly why i nominated him his testimony was powerful honest and riveting democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay obstruct and resist the senate must vote !
congressman lee zeldin is doing a fantastic job in dc tough and smart he loves our country and will always be there to do the right thing he has my complete and total endorsement !
china is actually placing propaganda ads in the des moines register and other papers made to look like  news  that’s because we are beating them on trade opening markets and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over ! 
avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations like he did on me and like he is now doing on judge brett kavanaugh he is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships  a total lowlife !
consumer confidence hits an 18 year high close to breaking the alltime record a big jump from last 8 years people are excited about the usa again ! we are getting bigger and richer and stronger way more to go !
the democrats are playing a high level con game in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person it is called the politics of destruction behind the scene the dems are laughing pray for brett kavanaugh and his family !
will be speaking at the united nations this morning our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when i took office less than two years ago we are also much safer !
despite requests i have no plans to meet iranian president hassan rouhani maybe someday in the future i am sure he is an absolutely lovely man !
the democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest supreme court justices ever with an array of false accusations the likes of which have never been seen before !
the democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest supreme court justices ever with an array of false acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before !
prime minster  @ abeshinzo is coming up to trump tower for dinner but most importantly he just had a great landslide victory in japan i will congratulate him on behalf of the american people !
going to new york will be with prime minister abe of japan tonight talking military and trade we have done much to help japan would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship it will all work out !
new economic records being set on a daily basis  and it is not by accident !
thank you missouri  together we are making america great again ! 
thank you missouri  i love you !
throughout american history the men and women of our armed forces have selflessly served our country making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty on national pow/mia recognition day we honor all american prisoners of war :  
has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis i believe he will move quickly on this and hopefully other things which he is looking at in the end i can always declassify if it proves necessary speed is very important to me  and everyone !
i met with the doj concerning the declassification of various unredacted documents they agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the russia probe also key allies’ called to ask not to release therefore the inspector general
the radical left lawyers want the fbi to get involved now why didn’t someone call the fbi 36 years ago ?
i have no doubt that if the attack on dr ford was as bad as she says charges would have been immediately filed with local law enforcement authorities by either her or her loving parents i ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date time and place !
judge brett kavanaugh is a fine man with an impeccable reputation who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers they just want to destroy and delay facts don’t matter i go through this with them every single day in dc
make america great again !
north korea to be identified as a result of my summit with chairman kim these heroes are home they may rest in peace and hopefully their families can have closure
congratulations to my good friend prime minister  @ abeshinzo on his huge election victory in japan i’m looking forward to many more years of working together see you in new york next week ? ? ?
i want to know where is the money for border security and the wall in this ridiculous spending bill and where will it come from after the midterms ? dems are obstructing law enforcement and border security republicans must finally get tough !
we protect the countries of the middle east they would not be safe for very long without us and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices ! we will remember the opec monopoly must get prices down now !
financial and jobs numbers are fantastic there are plenty of new high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy if you are not happy where you are start looking  but also remember our economy is only getting better vote in midterms !
just returned to the white house from the great states of north carolina and south carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane florence tremendous talent and spirit !
“the recovery got started on election day 2016 it took trump’s tax cuts and regulation cuts to get the economy booming before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the great depression it took just 6 months for trump to get to 3 even though they said
the supreme court is one of the main reasons i got elected president i hope republican voters and others are watching and studying the democrats playbook
today i took action to strengthen our nation’s defenses against biological threats for the first time in history the federal government has a national biodefense strategy to address the full range of biological threats ! 
thank you to our great coast guard for doing such a tremendous job  thousands of lives being saved ! 
that fema our military and our first responders who are all unbelievable are a disaster and not doing a good job this will be a total lie but that’s what they do and everybody knows it !
right now everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with hurricane florence – and they are 100 correct but don’t be fooled at some point in the near future the democrats will start ranting
china has been taking advantage of the united states on trade for many years they also know that i am the one that knows how to stop it there will be great and fast economic retaliation against china if our farmers ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted !
china has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me what china does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that
campaign which is unprecedented in our history” congressman peter king  really bad things were happening but they are now being exposed big stuff !
“what will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these fisa warrants that the important information was kept from the court there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the fake dossier basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential
today as we celebrate hispanic heritage month we share our gratitude for all the ways hispanicamericans make our country flourish and prosper today and every day we honor cherish and celebrate hispanicamerican workers families students businesses and leaders 
just met john james of michigan he has every single quality to be your next great senator from michigan when the people of michigan get to know john they will say he is a true star also distinguished military and a combat vet ! 
our steel industry is the talk of the world it has been given new life and is thriving billions of dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country !
tariffs have put the us in a very strong bargaining position with billions of dollars and jobs flowing into our country  and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable if countries will not make fair deals with us they will be “tariffed !”
congratulations to all of our mexican friends on national independence day we will be doing great things together !
fema first responders and law enforcement are working really hard on hurricane florence as the storm begins to finally recede they will kick into an even higher gear very professional !
the illegal mueller witch hunt continues in search of a crime there was never collusion with russia except by the clinton campaign so the 17 angry democrats are looking at anything they can find very unfair and bad for the country also not allowed under the law !
five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane florence ! deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims may god be with them !
when will republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the democrats on border security and building the wall ? without borders we don’t have a country with open borders which the democrats want we have nothing but crime ! finish the wall !
congressman keith rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of pennsylvania keith is strong on crime the border and our second amendment loves our military and our vets he has my total endorsement !
congressman pete sessions of texas is doing a great job he is a fighter who will be tough on crime and the border fight hard for our second amendment and loves our military and our vets he has my full and complete endorsement !
when president obama said that he has been to “57 states” very little mention in fake  news  media can you imagine if i said thatstory of the year !  @ ingrahamangle
gwu research to tell them how many people had died in puerto rico how would they not know this ? this method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed fifty times last original number  no way !
great job fema first responders and law enforcement  not easy very dangerous tremendous talent america is proud of you keep it all going  finish strong !
my thoughts and prayers are with evelyn rodriguez this evening along with her family and friends  # ripevelyn 
“they say all these people died in the storm in puerto rico yet 70 of the power was out before the storm so when did people start dying ? at what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism ?”   @ geraldorivera
keep up the great work  thank you ! 
john kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile iranian regime which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the american people he told them to wait out the trump administration ! was he registered under the foreign agents registration act ? bad !
senator debbie stabenow and the democrats are totally against approving the farm bill they are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our great farmers to get what they so richly deserve work requirements are imperative and the dems are a no not good !
i was just briefed on hurricane florence fema first responders and law enforcement are supplied and ready we are with you ! 
this was done by the democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when i was successfully raising billions of dollars to help rebuild puerto rico if a person died for any reason like old age just add them onto the list bad politics i love puerto rico !
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit puerto rico when i left the island after the storm had hit they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths as time went by it did not go up by much then a long time later they started to report really large numbers like 3000
”it is a cesspool of corruption and the people who did this need to be brought to justice”   @ greggjarrett
we are completely ready for hurricane florence as the storm gets even larger and more powerful be careful !
hurricane florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the great state of georgia be ready be prepared !
hurricane florence is looking even bigger than anticipated it will be arriving soon fema first responders and law enforcement are supplied and ready be safe !
we got a pluses for our recent hurricane work in texas and florida and did an unappreciated great job in puerto rico even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent mayor of san juan we are ready for the big one that is coming !
giving the information and causing the appointment of a special c without having the courage of his own convictions”  alan dershowitz    @ tuckercarlson   in other words the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up ?
“you know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else comey because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at columbia law school shame on that professor and shame on comey he snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in
the safety of american people is my absolute highest priority heed the directions of your state and local officials please be prepared be careful and be safe ! 
new strzokpage texts reveal “media leak strategy”   @ fox news   so terrible and nothing is being done at doj or fbi  but the world is watching and they get it completely
my people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the east coast in many years also looking like a direct hit on north carolina south carolina and virginia please be prepared be careful and be safe !
chuck schumer is holding up 320 appointments ambassadors executives etc of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into government schumer and the democrats continue to obstruct !
to the incredible citizens of north carolina south carolina and the entire east coast  the storm looks very bad ! please take all necessary precautions we have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly and we are here for you ! 
the storms in the atlantic are very dangerous we encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of state and local officials the federal government is closely monitoring and ready to assist we are with you !
“president trump would need a magic wand to get to 4 gdp” stated president obama i guess i have a magic wand 42 and we will do much better than this ! we have just begun
the white house is a “smooth running machine” we are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history  with many more to come ! the dems are going crazy !
the white house is running beautifully we are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history  with many more to come big progress !
the woodward book is a joke  just another assault against me in a barrage of assaults using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources many have already come forward to say the quotes by them like the book are fiction dems can’t stand losing i’ll write the real book !
if the democrats had won the election in 2016 gdp which was about 1 and going down would have been minus 4 instead of up 42 i opened up our beautiful economic engine with regulation and tax cuts our system was choking and would have been made worse still plenty to do !
melania and i wish all jewish people shana tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating rosh hashanah and the start of the high holy days 
its commitment to denuclearize”  @ fox news   this is a big and very positive statement from north korea thank you to chairman kim we will both prove everyone wrong ! there is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other ! much better than before i took office
wow nfl first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison viewership declined 13 the lowest in over a decade if the players stood proudly for our flag and anthem and it is all shown on broadcast maybe ratings could come back ? otherwise worse !
if the us sells a car into china there is a tax of 25 if china sells a car into the us there is a tax of 2 does anybody think that is fair ? the days of the us being rippedoff by other nations is over !
“ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a chinesemade small vehicle in the us because of the prospect of higher us tariffs” cnbc  this is just the beginning this car can now be built in the usa and ford will pay no tariffs !
so nice thank you both ! 
the dems have tried every trick in the playbookcall me everything under the sun but if i’m all of those terrible things how come i beat them so badly 306223 ? maybe they’re just not very good ! the fact is they are going crazy only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020 !
republicans are doing really well with the senate midterms races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close or even leading election night will be very interesting indeed !
our social media and beyond stars  @ diamondandsilk are terrific people who are doing really well we are all very proud of them and their great success !
apple prices may increase because of the massive tariffs we may be imposing on china  but there is an easy solution where there would be zero tax and indeed a tax incentive make your products in the united states instead of china start building new plants now exciting !  # maga
we are breaking all jobs and economic records but importantly our country has tremendous future potential we have just begun !
the woodward book is a scam i don’t talk the way i am quoted if i did i would not have been elected president these quotes were made up the author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle i wish the people could see the real facts  and our country is doing great !
matt rosendale will be a great senator from a great state montana ! he is a fighter who will be tough on crime and the border fight hard for our 2nd amendment and loves our military and our vets he has my full and complete endorsement !
what was nike thinking ?
thank you montana i love you ! 
make america great again ! 
are the investigative “journalists” of the new york times going to investigate themselves  who is the anonymous letter writer ?
i’m draining the swamp and the swamp is trying to fight back don’t worry we will win !
does the socalled “senior administration official” really exist or is it just the failing new york times with another phony source ? if the gutless anonymous person does indeed exist the times must for national security purposes turn him/her over to government at once !
today it was my honor to welcome the amir of kuwait to the  @ whitehouse ! 
just like the nfl whose ratings have gone way down nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts i wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way ? as far as the nfl is concerned i just find it hard to watch and always will until they stand for the flag !
isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact and get away with it without retribution or cost don’t know why washington politicians don’t change libel laws ?
the already discredited woodward book so many lies and phony sources has me calling jeff sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner” i said neither never used those terms on anyone including jeff and being a southerner is a great thing he made this up to divide !
sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake nbc  news  said it’s time for the press to stop complaining and to start fighting back actually chuck they’ve been doing that from the day i announced for president they’ve gone all out and i won and now they’re going crazy !
paul cook is a decorated marine corps veteran who loves and supports our military and vets he is strong on crime the border and supported tax cuts for the people of california paul has my total and complete endorsement !
looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before congress so sad to see !
the brett kavanaugh hearings for the future justice of the supreme court are truly a display of how mean angry and despicable the other side is they will say anything and are only
nbc fake  news  which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the harvey weinstein story is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct i have long criticized nbc and their journalistic standardsworse than even cnn look at their license ?
president bashar alassad of syria must not recklessly attack idlib province the russians and iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy hundreds of thousands of people could be killed don’t let that happen !
i see that john kerry the father of the now terminated iran deal is thinking of running for president i should only be so lucky  although the field that is currently assembling looks really good  for me !
the democrats none of whom voted for jeff sessions must love him now same thing with lyin’ james comey the dems all hated him wanted him out thought he was disgusting  until i fired him ! immediately he became a wonderful man a saint like figure in fact really sick !
two long running obama era investigations of  two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge just ahead of the midterms by the jeff sessions justice department two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time good job jeff
the us is respected again ! 
richard trumka the head of the aflcio represented his union poorly on television this weekend some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country and the success of the us itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly a dem !
the worker in america is doing better than ever before celebrate labor day !
happy labor day ! our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows the us has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst trade deals ever made by any country in the world big progress being made !
richard trumka the head of the aflcio represented his union poorly on television this weekend some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country and the success of the us itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly a dem !
the fact is that african/american unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country same with asian hispanic and almost every other group the democrats have been all talk and no action my administration has already produced like no other and everyone sees it !
we shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad trade deals and free military protection !
make america great again !
remember nafta was one of the worst trade deals ever made the us lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs we were far better off before nafta  should never have been signed even the vat tax was not accounted for we make new deal or go back to prenafta !
donald trump and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing  that donald trump’s 4th amendment right to privacy was signed awayand someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true when it wasn’t ? this is the scandal here  a police state”  dan bongino
i love canada but they’ve taken advantage of our country for many years !
still can’t believe that bloomberg violated a firm off the record statement will they put out an apology ?
great day in north carolina where republicans will do very well !
the abc/washington post poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 election i call it a suppression poll  but by election day they brought us out of shame to about even they will never learn !
wow i made off the record comments to bloomberg concerning canada and this powerful understanding was blatantly violated oh well just more dishonest reporting i am used to it at least canada knows where i stand !
i will be doing a major rally for senator ted cruz in october i’m picking the biggest stadium in texas we can find as you know ted has my complete and total endorsement his opponent is a disaster for texas  weak on second amendment crime borders military and vets !
thank you indiana i love you !
cnn is working frantically to find their “source” look hard because it doesn’t exist whatever was left of cnn’s credibility is now gone !
i am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of don mcgahn as white house counsel ! i liked don but he was not responsible for me not firing bob mueller or jeff sessions so much fake reporting and fake  news  !
the rigged russia witch hunt did not come into play even a little bit with respect to my decision on don mcgahn !
i am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of don mcgahn as white house councel ! i liked don but he was not responsible for me not firing bob mueller or jeff sessions so much fake reporting and fake  news  !
the only thing james comey ever got right was when he said that president trump was not under investigation !
the  news  from the financial markets is even better than anticipated for all of you that have made a fortune in the markets or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations more good  news  is coming !
what’s going on at  @ cnn is happening to different degrees at other networks  with  @ nbc news  being the worst the good  news  is that andy lacky is about to be fired ? for incompetence and much worse when lester holt got caught fudging my tape on russia they were hurt badly !
“ohr told the fbi it the fake dossier wasn’t true it was a lie and the fbi was determined to use it anyway to damage trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the trump campaign this is a fraud on the court the chief justice of the us supreme court is in
cnn is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake sloppy  @ carlbernstein a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country ! fake  news 
of money on joint ussouth korea war games besides the president can instantly start the joint exercises again with south korea and japan if he so chooses if he does they will be far bigger than ever before as for the us–china trade disputes and other
differences they will be resolved in time by president trump and china’s great president xi jinping their relationship and bond remain very strong
considerable aid including money fuel fertilizer and various other commodities this is not helpful ! nonetheless the president believes that his relationship with kim jong un is a very good and warm one and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts
statement from the white housepresident donald j trump feels strongly that north korea is under tremendous pressure from china because of our major trade disputes with the chinese government at the same time we also know that china is providing north korea with
white house counsel don mcgahn will be leaving his position in the fall shortly after the confirmation hopefully of judge brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme court i have worked with don for a long time and truly appreciate his service !
martha mcsally is an extraordinary woman she was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of congress she is strong on crime the border and our  under siege 2nd amendment loves our military and our vets has my total and complete endorsement !
when you see “anonymous source” stop reading the story it is fiction !
“anonymous sources are really starting to burn the media”  @ fox news  the fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist they are fiction made up by the fake  news  reporters look at the lie that fake cnn is now in they got caught red handed ! enemy of the people !
big election wins last night ! the republican party will make america great again ! actually it is happening faster than anybody thought possible ! it is morphing into keep america great !
our new trade deal with mexico focuses on farmers growth for our country tearing down trade barriers jobs and having companies continue to pour back into our country it will be a big hit !
such a fantastic win for ron desantis and the people of the great state of florida ron will be a fantastic governor on to november !
i smile at senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the us what they don’t say is that we lose jobs and over 800 billion dollars a year on really dumb trade dealsand these same countries tariff us to death these lawmakers are just fine with this !
nasdaq has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history !
congressman ron desantis is a special person who has done an incredible job he is running in tuesdays primary for governor of florida…strong on crime borders and wants low taxes he will be a great governor and has my full and total endorsement !
rick scott of florida is doing a fantastic job as governor jobs are pouring into the state and its economic health is better than ever before he is strong on crime borders and loves our military and vets vote for rick on tuesday !
a big deal looking good with mexico !
the fake  news  media worked hard to get tiger woods to say something that he didn’t want to say tiger wouldn’t play the game  he is very smart more importantly he is playing great golf again !
thank you to the great  @ jimbrownnfl32 perhaps the greatest running back of all time for your wonderful words and support since our meeting in new york africanamerican unemployment has reached the lowest level in history you get it !
over 90 approval rating for your all time favorite i hope president within the republican party and 52 overall this despite all of the made up stories by the fake  news  media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible look at the real villains please !
and it will get as i have always said much better from even here ! 
my deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of senator john mccain our hearts and prayers are with you !
our relationship with mexico is getting closer by the hour some really good people within both the new and old government and all working closely togethera big trade agreement with mexico could be happening soon !
big story out that the fbi ignored tens of thousands of crooked hillary emails many of which are really bad also gave false election info i feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption at some point i may have to get involved !
 @ lindseygrahamsc  “every president deserves an attorney general they have confidence in i believe every president has a right to their cabinet these are not lifetime appointments you serve at the pleasure of the president”
michaels cohen’s attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if president trump knew about the trump tower meeting out of which came nothing ! the answer is that i did not know about the meeting just another phony story by the fake  news  media !
happy birthday vince you are truly one of the greats ! 
great to see the senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices something i called for in my drug pricing blueprint will now work with the house to help american patients !  # americanpatientsfirst
i spoke with governor david ige of hawaii today to express our full support for the people of hawaii as the state is impacted by  # hurricanelane the federal government is fully committed to helping the people of hawaii 
thank you i love you ohio ! 
secretary pompeo looks forward to going to north korea in the near future most likely after our trading relationship with china is resolved in the meantime i would like to send my warmest regards and respect to chairman kim i look forward to seeing him soon !
additionally because of our much tougher trading stance with china i do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were despite the un sanctions which are in place
i have asked secretary of state mike pompeo not to go to north korea at this time because i feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the korean peninsula
social media giants are silencing millions of people can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear fake  news  like cnn whose ratings have suffered gravely people have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship !
our economy is setting records on virtually every front  probably the best our country has ever done tremendous value created since the election the world is respecting us again ! companies are moving back to the usa
and according to polls would do even better today ! 
cindy has voted for our agenda in the senate 100 of the time and has my complete and total endorsement we need cindy to win in mississippi !
i have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide hawaii the necessary support ahead of  # hurricanelane our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities you are in our thoughts ! 
the only thing that i have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by crooked hillary clinton and the democrats the problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states !
michael cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime president obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled !
a large number of counts ten could not even be decided in the paul manafort case witch hunt !
i feel very badly for paul manafort and his wonderful family “justice” took a 12 year old tax case among other things applied tremendous pressure on him and unlike michael cohen he refused to “break”  make up stories in order to get a “deal” such respect for a brave man !
if anyone is looking for a good lawyer i would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of michael cohen !
thank you west virginia i love you ! 
big rally tonight in west virginia patrick morrisey is running a great race for us senate i have done so much for west virginia against all odds and having patrick a real fighter by my side would make things so much easier see you later clean coal !
i am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the border into the united states illegally ! if there were no serious consequences our country would be overrun with people trying to get in and our system could not handle it !
fake  news  of which there is soooo much this time the very tired new yorker falsely reported that i was going to take the extraordinary step of denying intelligence briefings to president obama never discussed or thought of !
it is outrageous that poisonous synthetic heroin fentanyl comes pouring into the us postal system from china we can and must end this now ! the senate should pass the stop act – and firmly stop this poison from killing our children and destroying our country no more delay !
everybody wants to keep their security clearance it’s worth great prestige and big dollars even board seats and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect brennan it certainly isn’t because of the good job he did ! he is a political “hack”
i hope john brennan the worst cia director in our country’s history brings a lawsuit it will then be very easy to get all of his records texts emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did but how he was involved with the mueller rigged witch hunt he won’t sue !
where’s the collusion ? they made up a phony crime called collusion and when there was no collusion they say there was obstruction of a phony crime that never existed if you fight back or say anything bad about the rigged witch hunt they scream obstruction !
looking for trouble they are enjoying ruining people’s lives and refuse to look at the real corruption on the democrat side  the lies the firings the deleted emails and soooo much more ! mueller’s angry dems are looking to impact the election they are a national disgrace !
disgraced and discredited bob mueller and his whole group of angry democrat thugs spent over 30 hours with the white house councel only with my approval for purposes of transparency anybody needing that much time when they know there is no russian collusion is just someone
study the late joseph mccarthy because we are now in period with mueller and his gang that make joseph mccarthy look like a baby ! rigged witch hunt !
some members of the media are very angry at the fake story in the new york times they actually called to complain and apologize  a big step forward from the day i announced the times has been fake  news  and with their disgusting new board member it will only get worse !
the failing  @ nytimes wrote a fake piece today implying that because white house councel don mcgahn was giving hours of testimony to the special councel he must be a john dean type “rat” but i allowed him and all others to testify  i didn’t have to i have nothing to hide
the united states has ended the ridiculous 230 million dollar yearly develo pm ent payment to syria saudi arabia and other rich countries in the middle east will start making payments instead of the us i want to develop the us our military and countries that help us !
the economy is stronger and better than ever before importantly there remains tremendous potential  it will only get better with time !
all of the fools that are so focused on looking only at russia should start also looking in another direction china but in the end if we are smart tough and well prepared we will get along with everyone !
social media is totally discriminating against republican/conservative voices speaking loudly and clearly for the trump administration we won’t let that happen they are closing down the opinions of many people on the right while at the same time doing nothing to others
i say andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder he should easily win his race against a super liberal actress but his political career is over !
when a politician admits that “we’re not going to make america great again” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him this could be a career threatening statement by andrew cuomo with many wanting him to resignhe will get higher ratings than his brother chris !
wow ! big pushback on governor andrew cuomo of new york for his really dumb statement about america’s lack of greatness i have already made america great again just look at the markets jobs military setting records and we will do even better andrew “choked” badly mistake !
wow ! big pushback on governor andrew cuomo of new york for his really dumb statement about america’s lack of greatness i have already made america great again just look at the markets jobs military setting records and we will do even better andrew “chocked” badly mistake !
the us has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago
the local politicians who run washington dc poorly know a windfall when they see it when asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade they wanted a number so ridiculously high that i cancelled it never let someone hold you up ! i will instead
how does a politician cuomo known for pushing people and businesses out of his state not to mention having the highest taxes in the us survive making the statement we’re not going to make america great again it was never that great ? which section of the sentence is worse ?
turkey has taken advantage of the united states for many years they are now holding our wonderful christian pastor who i must now ask to represent our country as a great patriot hostage we will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man but we are cutting back on turkey !
thank you for the kind words omarosa ! 
the queen of soul aretha franklin is dead she was a great woman with a wonderful gift from god her voice she will be missed !
there is nothing that i would want more for our country than true freedom of the press the fact is that the press is free to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is fake  news  pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people honesty wins !
the fake  news  media is the opposition party it is very bad for our great countrybut we are winning !
“we’re not going to make america great again it was never that great” can you believe this is the governor of the highest taxed state in the us andrew cuomo having a total meltdown !
“we’re not gong to make america great again it was never that great”  can you believe this is the governor of the highest taxed state in the us andrew cuomo having a total meltdown !
our country was built on tariffs and tariffs are now leading us to great new trade deals  as opposed to the horrible and unfair trade deals that i inherited as your president other countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great usa no longer !
the rigged russian witch hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity all credibility is gone from this terrible hoax and much more will be lost as it proceeds no collusion !
my friend and very early supporter kris kobach won the republican nomination for governor of kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent kris will win in november and be a great governor he has my complete and total endorsement !
it is about time that connecticut had a real and talented governor bob stefanowski is the person needed to do the job tough on crime bob is also a big cutter of taxes he will win in november and make a great governor a major difference maker bob has my total endorsement !
 @ petestauber won big last night in minnesota a big star in hockey he will be an even bigger star in politics it all begins with a win in november pete has my complete and total endorsement !
“people who enter the united states without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the us legally” chuck schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire foxandfriends
congratulations to bryan steil on a wonderful win last night you will be replacing a great guy in paul ryan and your win in november will make the entire state of wisconsin very proud you have my complete and total endorsement !
jeff johnson of minnesota had a big night in winning the republican nomination for governor against a very strong and well known opponent ! thanks for all of the support you showed me you have my complete and total endorsement you will win in november !
scott walker is very special and will have another great win in november he has done a fantastic job as governor of wisconsin and will always have my full support and endorsement !
congratulations to bryan steil on a wonderful win last night your will be replacing a great guy in paul ryan and your win in november will make the entire state of wisconsin very proud you have my complete and total endorsement !
congratulations to leah vukmir of wisconsin on your great win last night you beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic senator after winning in november against someone who has done very little you have my complete and total endorsement !
“people who enter the united states without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the us legally”  chuck schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire foxandfriends
fired fbi agent peter strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started there was no collusion or obstruction with russia and everybody including the democrats know it the only collusion and obstruction was by crooked hillary the democrats and the dnc !
another terrorist attack in londonthese animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength !
when you give a crazed crying lowlife a break and give her a job at the white house i guess it just didn’t work out good work by general kelly for quickly firing that dog !
should be shut down the strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt it should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors” thank you judicial watch i couldn’t have said it better myself !
guy was corrupt and had antitrump animus strzok and others at the fbi should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation instead mueller is pretending nothing went wrong he used strzok he used the clinton dnc dossierthe whole thing
such wonderful and powerful things about me  a true champion of civil rights  until she got fired omarosa had zero credibility with the media they didn’t want interviews when she worked in the white house now that she says bad about me they will talk to her fake  news  !
 @ markburnetttv called to say that there are no tapes of the apprentice where i used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by wacky and deranged omarosa i don’t have that word in my vocabulary and never have she made it up look at her many recent quotes saying
it was my great honor to sign our new defense bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world :  the us army the national defense authorization act is the most significant investment in our military and our warfighters in modern history ! 
pete stauber is running for congress in minnesota he will make for a great congressman pete is strong on crime and borders loves our military vets and second amendment vote for pete tomorrow he has my full and total endorsement !
great to be in fort drum new york with our heroes ! 
brooks koepka just won his third golf major and he did it not only with his powerful game but with his powerful mind he has been a man of steel on the tour and will have many victories including majors ahead of him congrats to brooks and his great team on a job well done !
while i know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like omarosa and while i would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and i know the fake  news  media will be working overtime to make even wacky omarosa look legitimate as possible sorry !
wacky omarosa who got fired 3 times on the apprentice now got fired for the last time she never made it never will she begged me for a job tears in her eyes i said ok people in the white house hated her she was vicious but not smart i would rarely see her but heard
“seems like the department of justice and fbi had a program to keep donald trump from becoming president”  @ darrellissa   @ foxandfriends  if this had happened to the other side everybody involved would be in jail this is a media coverup of the biggest story of our time
many  @ harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas great ! most other companies are coming in our direction including harley competitors a really bad move ! us will soon have a level playing field or better
hundreds of bikers for trump just joined me at bedminster quite a scene  great people who truly love our country !
do you believe nelly worked for fusion and her husband still works for the department of “justice” i have never seen anything so rigged in my life our ag is scared stiff and missing in action it is all starting to be revealed  not pretty ig report soon ?  witch hunt !
i am proud to have fought for and secured the lowest african american and hispanic unemployment rates in history now i’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance i will never stop fighting for all americans !
the riots in charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division we must come together as a nation i condemn all types of racism and acts of violence peace to all americans !
will the fbi ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by comey mccabe peter s and his lover the lovely lisa page and other top officials now dismissed or fired ? so many of the great men and women of the fbi have been hurt by these clowns and losers !
why isn’t the fbi giving andrew mccabe text messages  to judicial watch or appropriate governmental authorities fbi said they won’t give up even one i may have to get involved do not destroy what are they hiding ? mccabe wife took big campaign dollars from hillary people
will the fbi ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by comey mccabe peter s and his lover the lovely lisa page and other top officials now dismissed or fired ? so many of the great men and women of the fbi have been hurt by these clowns and losers !
why isn’t the fbi giving andrew mccabe text massages to judicial watch or appropriate governmental authorities fbi said they won’t give up even one i may have to get involved do not destroy what are they hiding ? mccabe wife took big campaign dollars from hillary people
deal with mexico is coming along nicely autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal new president of mexico has been an absolute gentleman canada must wait their tariffs and trade barriers are far too high will tax cars if we can’t make a deal !
thank you to kanye west and the fact that he is willing to tell the truth one new and great fact  african american unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our country so honored by this thank you kanye for your support it is making a big difference !
had a very good phone call with  @ emmanuelmacron president of france discussed various subjects in particular security and trade many other calls and conversations today looking forward to dinner tonight with tim cook of apple he is investing big dollars in usa
be happy be cool ! a football game that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy is no place to protest most of that money goes to the players anyway find another way to protest stand proudly for your national anthem or be suspended without pay !
the nfl players are at it again  taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the national anthem numerous players from different teams wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define they make a fortune doing what they love
jenna ellis  “fbi thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that hillary was going to win there is overt bias and that depends on whether you are democrat or republican  a double standard that needs to stop”
congressman ted yoho of florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total endorsement ! tough on crime and borders ted was really helpful on tax cuts vote all the way for ted in the upcoming primary  he will never let you down !
space force all the way !
congratulations to  @ lenaepstein of michigan on a job well done also thanks for your great support !
the republicans have now won 8 out of 9 house seats yet if you listen to the fake  news  media you would think we are being clobbered why can’t they play it straight so unfair to the republican party and in particular your favorite president !
congratulations to josh hawley on your big senate primary win in missouri i look forward to working with you toward a big win in november we need you in washington !
congratulations to bill schuette you will have a big win in november and be a tremendous governor for the great state of michigan lots of car and other companies moving back !
congratulations to a future star of the republican party future senator john james a big and bold victory tonight in the great state of michigan  the first of many november can’t come fast enough !
when i decided to go to ohio for troy balderson he was down in early voting 64 to 36 that was not good after my speech on saturday night there was a big turn for the better now troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting he will win big in nov
today on the 236th anniversary of the purple heart we honor the members of our armed forces for serving as the vanguard of american democracy and freedom around the world  # purpleheartday 
the iran sanctions have officially been cast these are the most biting sanctions ever imposed and in november they ratchet up to yet another level anyone doing business with iran will not be doing business with the united states i am asking for world peace nothing less !
democrats want open borders and they want to abolish ice the brave men and women that are protecting our country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth ! sorry we can’t let that happen ! also change the rules in the senate and approve strong border security !
democrats want open borders and they want to abolish ice the brave men and women that our protecting our country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth ! sorry we can’t let that happen !also change the rules in the senate and approve strong border security !
governor jerry brown must allow the free flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the north and foolishly being diverted into the pacific ocean can be used for fires farming and everything else think of california with plenty of water  nice ! fast federal govt approvals
great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis economy has never been better jobs at best point in history fixing our terrible trade deals is a priorityand going very well immigration on merit based system to take care of the companies coming back to usa
“collusion with russia was very real hillary clinton and her team 100 colluded with the russians and so did adam schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was russians to obtain compromising material on djt we also know that hillary clinton paid through
presidential approval numbers are very good  strong economy military and just about everything else better numbers than obama at this point by far we are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a blue wave but there might be a red wave !
too bad a large portion of the media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the rigged witch hunt  but that is why we call them fake  news  !
why aren’t mueller and the 17 angry democrats looking at the meetings concerning the fake dossier and all of the lying that went on in the fbi and doj ? this is the most one sided witch hunt in the history of our country fortunately the facts are all coming out and fast !
fake  news  reporting a complete fabrication that i am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son donald had in trump tower this was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics  and it went nowhere i did not know about it !
because of tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 trillion in debt that has been accumulated much by the obama administration while at the same time reducing taxes for our people at minimum we will make much better trade deals for our country !
tariffs are working big time every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the us always to our detriment i say as they cometax them if they don’t want to be taxed let them make or build the product in the us in either event it means jobs and great wealth
a great night in ohio’s 12th congressional district with troy balderson ! troy loves ohio and he loves the people of ohio he will be fighting for you all the way
thank you ohio i love you ! 
iran and it’s economy is going very bad and fast ! i will meet or not meet it doesn’t matter  it is up to them !
china which is for the first time doing poorly against us is spending a fortune on ads and pr trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on tariffs because they are really hurting their economy likewise other countries we are winning but must be strong !
tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today only fools would disagree we are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and if countries are still unwilling to negotiate they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of tariffs we win either way
tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our steel industry plants are opening all over the us steelworkers are working again and big dollars are flowing into our treasury other countries use tariffs against but when we use them foolish people scream !
tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated china market has dropped 27 in last 4months and they are talking to us our market is stronger than ever and will go up dramatically when these horrible trade deals are successfully renegotiated america first
lebron james was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television don lemon he made lebron look smart which isn’t easy to do i like mike !
dianne is the person leading our nation on “collusion” with russia only done by dems will she now investigate herself ? 
almost 500000 manufacturing jobs created since i won the election remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore wrong in fact these are among our best and most important jobs !
nasa which is making a big comeback under the trump administration has just named 9 astronauts for boeing and spacex space flights we have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them exciting things happening space force !
congratulations to bill lee of tennessee on his big primary win for governor last night  he ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in november bill has my total and enthusiastic endorsement !
thank you pennsylvania i love you ! 
they asked my daughter ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people she correctly said no it is the fake  news  which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people !
looking forward to being in the great state of ohio on saturday night where i will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future congressman  @ troybalderson see you all then ! tickets :  
when the house and senate meet on the very important farm bill – we love our farmers  hopefully they will be able to leave the work requirements for food stamps provision that the house approved senate should go to 51 votes !
pennsylvania has to love trump because unlike all of the others before me i am bringing steel back in a very big way plants opening up in pennsylvania and all over the country and congressman lou barletta who is running for the senate in pennsylvania is really helping !
looking forward to being in the great state of pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the election will be campaigning hard for an original supporter lou barletta to replace a weak an ineffective senator bob casey lod.c.ough and smart loves pa and our country !
working hard thank you ! 
wow  @ foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings morning joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly fake  news  cnn is also doing poorly too much hate and inaccurately reported stories  too predictable !
charles koch of koch brothers who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though i know very few who have seen this  ? now makes the ridiculous statement that what president trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers” he is correct america first !
it was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our nation today at the  @ whitehouse ! 
“we already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was hillary clinton how is it ok for hillary clinton to proactively seek dirt from the russians but the trump campaign met at the russians request and that is bad ?” marc thiessen washington post
paul manafort worked for ronald reagan bob dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders he worked for me for a very short time why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation these old charges have nothing to do with collusion  a hoax !
this is a terrible situation and attorney general jeff sessions should stop this rigged witch hunt right now before it continues to stain our country any further bob mueller is totally conflicted and his 17 angry democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to usa !
remain in the fbi while he himself was being investigated this is a real issue it won’t go into a mueller report because mueller is going to protect these guys mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation” alan dershowitz
“fbi agent peter strzok on the mueller team should have recused himself on day one he was out to stop the election of donald trump he needed an insurance policy those are illegal improper goals trying to influence the election he should never ever been allowed to
thank you florida i love you !
on my way to tampa florida look forward to seeing everyone soon ! 
border security is national security and national security is the longterm viability of our country a government shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and prosperous america !
i don’t care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the democrats will allow it to be fixed without a government shutdown
the fake  news  media is going crazy ! they are totally unhinged and in many ways after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people i enjoy watching in 7 years when i am no longer in office their ratings will dry up and they will be gone !
i am looking into 3d plastic guns being sold to the public already spoke to nra doesn’t seem to make much sense !
collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was no collusion except by crooked hillary and the democrats !
rush limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it !
thank you to  @ randpaul for your yes on a future great justice of the supreme court brett kavanaugh your vote means a lot to me and to everyone who loves our country !
that open borders large scale crime and abolishing ice is good for them we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the safety and security of our country !
illegal immigration is a top national security problem after decades of playing games with the whole world laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with democrats thinking
 @ troybalderson of ohio is running for congress  so important to the republican party troy is strong on crime and borders loves our military our vets and our second amendment troy will strongly protect
and the amazon washington post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements  and they will never change !
accurately 90 of media coverage of my administration is negative despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low ! i will not allow our great country to be sold out by antitrump haters in the
dying  news paper industry no matter how much they try to distract and cover it up our country is making great progress under my leadership and i will never stop fighting for the american people ! as an example the failing new york times
when the media  driven insane by their trump derangement syndrome  reveals internal deliberations of our government it  truly puts the lives of many not just journalists at risk ! very unpatriotic ! freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the  news 
the biggest and best results coming out of the good gdp report was that the quarterly trade deficit has been reduced by $52 billion and of course the historically low unemployment numbers especially for african americans hispanics asians and women
do you think the fake  news  media will ever report on this tweet from michael ? 
the only things the democrats do well is “resist” which is their campaign slogan and “obstruct” cryin’ chuck schumer has almost 400 great american people that are waiting “forever” to serve our country ! a total disgrace mitch m should not let them go home until all approved !
democrats who want open borders and care little about crime are incompetent but they have the fake  news  media almost totally on their side !
the  @ usnavy’s first female admiral alene duerk once said :  “it was a nice distinction to have and to be recognized as the first but i wanted to make certain that i used that notoriety to do as much positive as i could” alene did just that and america is forever grateful ! 
i am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year the us economy grew at the amazing rate of 41 ! 
 @ troybalderson of ohio is running for congress  so important to the republican party cast you early vote or vote on august 7th troy is strong on crime and borders loves our military our vets and our second amendment he has my full and total endorsement !
john is strong on crime and borders loves our military our vets and our second amendment he will be a star he has my full and total endorsement !
great gdp numbers just released will be having a  news  conference soon !
i did not know of the meeting with my son don jr sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam taxi cabs maybe ? he even retained bill and crooked hillary’s lawyer gee i wonder if they helped him make the choice !
the only collusion with russia was with the democrats so now they are looking at my tweets along with 53 million other people  the rigged witch hunt continues ! how stupid and unfair to our countryand so the fake  news  doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions no
way to go jerry this is what the league should do ! 
the remains of american servicemen will soon be leaving north korea and heading to the united states ! after so many years this will be a great moment for so many families thank you to kim jong un
america is open for business and us steel is back ! 
 @ alandersh a brilliant lawyer who although a liberal democrat who probably didn’t vote for me has discussed the witch hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way he has written a new and very important book
the united states will impose large sanctions on turkey for their long time detainment of pastor andrew brunson a great christian family man and wonderful human being he is suffering greatly this innocent man of faith should be released immediately !
heading to dubuque iowa and then granite city illinois looking  forward to being with many great friends !
european union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately also they will be buying vast amounts of lng !
great to be back on track with the european union this was a big day for free and fair trade !
thank you georgia ! they say that my endorsement last week of brian kemp in the republican primary for governor against a very worthy opponent lifted him from 5 points down to a 70 to 30 victory ! two very good and talented men in a great race but congratulations to brian !
along quickly european union nations will be open to the united states and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them there was great warmth and feeling in the room  a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible !
great meeting on trade today with  @ junckereu and representatives of the european union we have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs no barriers and no subsidies work on documents has already started and the process is moving
thank you very much working hard ! 
the united states and the european union have a $1 trillion bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world we want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all american and european citizens 
congratulations to brian kemp on your very big win in georgia last night wow 6930 those are big numbers now go win against the open border crime loving opponent that the democrats have given you she is weak on vets the military and the 2nd amendment win !
what kind of a lawyer would tape a client ? so sad ! is this a first never heard of it before ? why was the tape so abruptly terminated cut while i was presumably saying positive things ? i hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped  can this be so ? too bad !
when you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation it will only take longer to make a deal and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity negotiations are going really well be cool the end result will be worth it !
every time i see a weak politician asking to stop trade talks or the use of tariffs to counter unfair tariffs i wonder what can they be thinking ? are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off ?  lost $817 billion on trade last year no weakness !
so sad and unfair that the fcc wouldn’t approve the sinclair broadcast merger with tribune this would have been a great and much needed conservative voice for and of the people liberal fake  news  nbc and comcast gets approved much bigger but not sinclair disgraceful !
the european union is coming to washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on trade i have an idea for them both the us and the eu drop all tariffs barriers and subsidies ! that would finally be called free market and fair trade ! hope they do it we are ready  but they won’t !
today it was my great honor to be in kansas city missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make freedom possible ! thank you  @ vfwhq !  # vfwconvention 
i’m very concerned that russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming election based on the fact that no president has been tougher on russia than me they will be pushing very hard for the democrats they definitely don’t want trump !
make america great again !
heading to missouri to be with many of my great friends vfw here we come !
our country is doing great best financial numbers on the planet great to have usa winning again !
today is the day to vote for brian kemp will be great for georgia full endorsement ! 
tariffs are the greatest ! either a country which has treated the united states unfairly on trade negotiates a fair deal or it gets hit with tariffs it’s as simple as that  and everybody’s talking ! remember we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed all will be great !
countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to washington to negotiate this should have taken place many years ago butas the saying goes better late than never !
lou barletta was one of my first supporters he is tough on crime and borders will be a great senator from pennsylvania his opponent is weak on crime ice and borders we need lou ! 
robert will do a great job for our vets we also recently won choice ! 
in my opinion the washington post is nothing more than an expensive the paper loses a fortune lobbyist for amazon is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought ?
the amazon washington post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the internet tax case in the us supreme court two months ago next up is the us post office which they use at a fraction of real cost as their “delivery boy” for a big percentage of their packages
a rocket has not been launched by north korea in 9 months likewise no nuclear tests japan is happy all of asia is happy but the fake  news  is saying without ever asking me always anonymous sources that i am angry because it is not going fast enough wrong very happy !
when you hear the fake  news  talking negatively about my meeting with president putin and all that i gave up remember i gave up nothing we merely talked about future benefits for both countries also we got along very well which is a good thing except for the corrupt media !
and the doj fbi and obama gang need to be held to account source  # 1 was the major source avoided talking about it being the clinton campaign behind it misled the court to provide a pretext to spy on the trump team not about carter pagewas all about getting trump
“it was classified to cover up misconduct by the fbi and the justice department in misleading the court by using this dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the trump team this is a clinton campaign document it was a fraud and a hoax designed to target trump
so president obama knew about russia before the election why didn’t he do something about it ? why didn’t he tell our campaign ? because it is all a big hoax that’s why and he thought crooked hillary was going to win ! !
i had a great meeting with putin and the fake  news  used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it so bad for our country !
andrew mccarthy  “i said this could never happen this is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff not just the people who gave it it is so bad it screams out at you”  on the whole fisa scam which led to the rigged mueller witch hunt !
brian kemp who is running for governor of georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with  @ mikepencevp brian is very strong on crime and borders loves our military vets and the 2nd amendment he will be a great governor !
no collusion no obstruction  but that doesn’t matter because the 13 angry democrats who are only after republicans and totally protecting democrats want this witch hunt to drag out to the november election republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing !
the nfl national anthem debate is alive and well again  can’t believe it ! isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention hand on heart ? the $40000000 commissioner must now make a stand first time kneeling out for game second time kneeling out for season/no pay !
so important should have been done years ago ! 
china the european union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower while the us is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day  taking away our big competitive edge as usual not a level playing field
my deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in missouri such a tragedy such a great loss may god be with you all !
will the dems and fake  news  ever learn ? this is classic ! 
proliferation cyber attacks trade ukraine middle east peace north korea and more there are many answers some easy and some hard to these problemsbut they can all be solved !
the summit with russia was a great success except with the real enemy of the people the fake  news  media i look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed including stopping terrorism security for israel nuclear
i told you so ! the european union just slapped a five billion dollar fine on one of our great companies google they truly have taken advantage of the us but not for long !
“trump recognized russian meddling many times” thank you to  @ foxandfriends and  @ fox news  for actually showing the clips the fake  news  wants no part of that narrative ! too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the economic and jobs records being set
the fake  news  media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with russia even a confrontation that could lead to war they are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that i’ll probably have a good relationship with putin we are doing much better than any other country !
the fake  news  media is going crazy ! they make up stories without any backup sources or proof many of the stories written about me and the good people surrounding me are total fiction problem is when you complain you just give them more publicity but i’ll complain anyway !
the democrats have a death wish in more ways than one  they actually want to abolish ice this should cost them heavily in the midterms yesterday the republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ice !
thank you to novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs likewise to pfizer we are making a big push to actually reduce the prices maybe substantially on prescription drugs
the two biggest opponents of ice in america today are the democratic party and ms13 !
brian kemp is running for governor of the great state of georgia the primary is on tuesday brian is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration he loves our military and our vets and protects our second amendment i give him my full and total endorsement
34 million jobs created since our great election victory  far greater than ever anticipated and only getting better as new and greatly improved trade deals start coming to fruition !
some people hate the fact that i got along well with president putin of russia they would rather go to war than see this it’s called trump derangement syndrome !
congratulations to martha roby of the great state of alabama on her big gop primary win for congress my endorsement came appropriately late but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve enjoy !
russia has agreed to help with north korea where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along there is no rush the sanctions remain ! big benefits and exciting future for north korea at end of process !
while the nato meeting in brussels was an acknowledged triumph with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace the meeting with russia may prove to be in the long run an even greater success many positive things will come out of that meeting
so many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in helsinki putin and i discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting we got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match big results will come !
“prosperity is returning donald trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate now as the most effective president the most successful president in modern american history” thank you to the great lou dobbs !
the democrats want to abolish ice which will mean more crime in our country i want to give ice a big cheer ! vote republican in november
the meeting between president putin and myself was a great success except in the fake  news  media !
the economy of the united states is stronger than ever before !
while i had a great meeting with nato raising vast amounts of money i had an even better meeting with vladimir putin of russia sadly it is not being reported that way  the fake  news  is going crazy !
i had a great meeting with nato they have paid $33 billion more and will pay hundreds of billions of dollars more in the future only because of me nato was weak but now it is strong again bad for russia the media only says i was rude to leaders never mentions the money !
a productive dialogue is not only good for the united states and good for russia but it is good for the world  # helsinki2018 
i would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics  # helsinki2018 
as i said today and many times before “i have great confidence in my intelligence people” however i also recognize that in order to build a brighter future we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers we must get along !  # helsinki2018
it was an honor to join you this morning thank you ! 
our relationship with russia has never been worse thanks to many years of us foolishness and stupidity and now the rigged witch hunt !
congratulations to france who played extraordinary soccer on winning the 2018 world cup additionally congratulations to president putin and russia for putting on a truly great world cup tournament  one of the best ever !
know how to do is resist and obstruct ! this is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point it will heal !
over the years i would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that i should have gotten saint petersburg in addition ! much of our  news  media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the dems
heading to helsinki finland – looking forward to meeting with president putin tomorrow unfortunately no matter how well i do at the summit if i was given the great city of moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by russia
there hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in north korea there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages who knows how it will all turn out in the end but why isn’t the fake  news  talking about these wonderful facts ? because it is fake  news  !
these russian individuals did their work during the obama years why didn’t obama do something about it ?  because he thought crooked hillary clinton would win that’s why had nothing to do with the trump administration but fake  news  doesn’t want to report the truth as usual !
our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in japan we commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones 
so funny ! i just checked out fake  news  cnn for the first time in a long time they are dying in the ratings to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of jim acosta actually a nice guy they didn’t ! but they did say i already lost in my meeting with putin fake  news 
the stories you heard about the 12 russians yesterday took place during the obama administration not the trump administration why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that president obama was informed by the fbi in september before the election ?
where is the dnc server and why didn’t the fbi take possession of it ? deep state ?
the stories you heard about the 12 russians yesterday took place during the obama administration not the trump administrations why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that president obama was informed by the fbi in september before the election ?
the stock market hit 25000 yesterday jobs are at an all time record  and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government it is all happening !
i have arrived in scotland and will be at trump turnberry for two days of meetings calls and hopefully some golf  my primary form of exercise ! the weather is beautiful and this place is incredible ! tomorrow i go to helsinki for a monday meeting with vladimir putin
this is now changing  for the first time ! 
on top of it all germany just started paying russia the country they want protection from billions of dollars for their energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from russia not acceptable ! all nato nations must meet their 2 commitment and that must ultimately go to 4 !
presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get germany and other rich nato nations to pay more toward their protection from russia they pay only a fraction of their cost the us pays tens of billions of dollars too much to subsidize europe and loses big on trade !
billions of additional dollars are being spent by nato countries since my visit last year at my request but it isn’t nearly enough us spends too much europe’s borders are bad ! pipeline dollars to russia are not acceptable !
how can the rigged witch hunt proceed when it was started influenced and worked on for an extended period of time by former fbi agent/lover peter strzok ? read his hate filled and totally biased emails and the answer is clear !
if the democrats want to win supreme court and other court picks don’t obstruct and resist but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way win elections !
what good is nato if germany is paying russia billions of dollars for gas and energy ? why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment ? the us is paying for europe’s protection then loses billions on trade must pay 2 of gdp immediately not by 2025
what good is nato if germany is paying russia billions of dollars for gas and energy ? why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment ? the us is paying for europe’s protection then loses billions on trade must pay 2 of gdp immediately not by 2025
democrats in congress must no longer obstruct  vote to fix our terrible immigration laws now i am watching what is going on from europe  it would be soooo simple to fix judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works they are just using children !
things up better than ever before but it can’t go too quickly i am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers and will win !
the european union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in europe us has a $151 billion trade deficit and then they want us to happily defend them through nato and nicely pay for it just doesn’t work !
a recent emerson college epoll said that most americans especially hispanics feel that they are better off under president trump than they were under president obama
many countries in nato which we are expected to defend are not only short of their current commitment of 2 which is low but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made will they reimburse the us ?
on behalf of the united states congratulations to the thai navy seals and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in thailand such a beautiful moment  all freed great job !
thank you to all of my great supporters really big progress being made other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals economy is roaring supreme court pick getting great reviews new poll says trump at over 90 is the most popular republican in history of the party wow !
the failing ny times fake  news  story today about breast feeding must be called out the us strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty
i have long heard that the most important decision a us president can make is the selection of a supreme court justice  will be announced tonight at 9 : 00  pm 
europe far more than it does the us by some accounts the us is paying for 90 of nato with many countries nowhere close to their 2 commitment on top of this the european union has a trade surplus of $151 million with the us with big trade barriers on us goods no !
the united states is spending far more on nato than any other country this is not fair nor is it acceptable while these countries have been increasing their contributions since i took office they must do much more germany is at 1 the us is at 4 and nato benefits
they just didn't get it but they do now ! 
the us is working very closely with the government of thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety very brave and talented people !
big decision will soon be made on our next justice of the supreme court !
twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace will that include the failing new york times and propaganda machine for amazon the washington post who constantly quote anonymous sources that in my opinion don’t exist  they will both be out of business in 7 years !
just won lawsuit filed by the dnc and a bunch of democrat crazies trying to claim the trump campaign and others colluded with russia they haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election !
thanks to republican leadership america is winning again  and america is being respected again all over the world because we are finally putting america first !
every day the brave men and women of ice are liberating communities from savage gangs like ms13 we will not stand for these vile democrat smears in law enforcement we will always stand proudly with the brave heroes of ice and border patrol !
a vote for democrats in november is a vote to let ms13 run wild in our communities to let drugs pour into our cities and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking americans democrats want anarchy amnesty and chaos  republicans want law order and justice !
it was my great honor to join proud hardworking american patriots in montana tonight i love you  thank you !  # maga 
on monday assume duties as the acting administrator of the epa i have no doubt that andy will continue on with our great and lasting epa agenda we have made tremendous progress and the future of the epa is very bright !
i have accepted the resignation of scott pruitt as the administrator of the environmental protection agency within the agency scott has done an outstanding job and i will always be thankful to him for this the senate confirmed deputy at epa andrew wheeler will
country being forced to endure a long and costly trial tell the people “out” and they must leave just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable  only country in the world that does this !
congress must pass smart fast and reasonable immigration laws now law enforcement at the border is doing a great job but the laws they are forced to work with are insane when people with or without children enter our country they must be told to leave without our
has endured because of the sweat blood and sacrifice of the american armed forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world !
tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible :  our brave service members and our wonderful veterans for 242 years american independence
after having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the fake  news  constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake i capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized !
the washington post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for they are a disgrace to journalism but then again so are many others !
after having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the fake  news  constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake i capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized !
the washington post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for they are a discgrace to journalism but then again so are many others !
now that harleydavidson is moving part of its operation out of the us my administration is working with other motor cycle companies who want to move into the us harley customers are not happy with their move  sales are down 7 in 2017 the us is where the action is !
just out that the obama administration granted citizenship during the terrible iran deal negotiation to 2500 iranians  including to government officials how big and bad is that ?
many good conversations with north koreait is going well ! in the meantime no rocket launches or nuclear testing in 8 months all of asia is thrilled only the opposition party which includes the fake  news  is complaining if not for me we would now be at war with north korea !
how can the democrats who are weak on the border and weak on crime do well in november the people of our country want and demand safety and security while the democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning and not properly funding our great law enforcement !
when we have an “infestation” of ms13 gangs in certain parts of our country who do we send to get them out ? ice ! they are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country dems do not appreciate the great job they do ! nov
the economy is doing perhaps better than ever before and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair trade deals ever made by any country in any event they are coming along very well most countries agree that they must be changed but nobody ever asked !
i interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday on monday i will be announcing my decision for justice of the united states supreme court !
crazy maxine waters said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics is rapidly becoming together with nancy pelosi the face of the democrat party her ranting and raving even referring to herself as a wounded animal will make people flee the democrats !
congratulations to andres manuel lopez obrador on becoming the next president of mexico i look very much forward to working with him there is much to be done that will benefit both the united states and mexico !
a big week especially with our numerous victories in the supreme court heading back to the white house now focus will be on the selection of a new supreme court justice exciting times for our country economy may be stronger than it has ever been !
the liberal left also known as the democrats want to get rid of ice who do a fantastic job and want open borders crime would be rampant and uncontrollable ! make america great again
when people come into our country illegally we must immediately escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world republicans want strong borders and no crime dems want open borders and are weak on crime !
either we need to elect more republicans in november or republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote or filibuster rule  or better yet do both cryin’ chuck would do it on day one but we’ll never give him the chance some great legislation awaits  be smart !
i never pushed the republicans in the house to vote for the immigration bill either goodlatte 1 or 2 because it could never have gotten enough democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold i released many prior to the vote knowing we need more republicans to win in nov
a friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will sean spicer has written a great new book “the briefing :  politics the press and the president” it is a story told with both heart and knowledge really good go get it !
i will be making my choice for justice of the united states supreme court on the first monday after the july 4th holiday july 9th !
to the great and brave men and women of ice do not worry or lose your spirit you are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements so brave ! the radical left dems want you out next it will be all police zero chance it will never happen !
the new plant being built by foxconn in wisconsin is incredible congratulations to the people of wisconsin and to governor scott walker  @ govwalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off great job !
before going any further today i want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the capital gazette  news room in annapolis maryland this attack shocked the conscience of our nation and filled our hearts with grief 
prior to departing wisconsin i was briefed on the shooting at capital gazette in annapolis maryland my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families thank you to all of the first responders who are currently on the scene
america is open for business ! 
today we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15000 wisconsin workers ! as foxconn has discovered there is no better place to build hire and grow than right here in the united states ! 
when is bob mueller going to list his conflicts of interest ? why has it taken so long ? will they be listed at the top of his $22000000 reportand what about the 13 angry democrats will they list their conflicts with crooked h ? how many people will be sent to jail and
peter strzok worked as the leader of the rigged witch hunt for a long period of time  he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up but remember he took his orders from comey and mccabe and they took their orders from you know who mueller/comey best friends !
just watched  @ sharkgregnorman on  @ foxandfriends said “president is doing a great job all over the world people want to come back to the us” thank you greg and you’re looking and doing great !
russia continues to say they had nothing to do with meddling in our election ! where is the dnc server and why didn’t shady james comey and the now disgraced fbi agents take and closely examine it ? why isn’t hillary/russia being looked at ? so many questions so much corruption !
in recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers extremist democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ice leftwing activists are trying to block ice officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their
home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way these radical protesters want anarchy – but the only response they will find from our government is law and order !
heading to north dakota to fully stand with and endorse kevin cramer for senate he is an extraordinary congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your senator he is tough on crime strong on borders loves our military and our vets !  # ndsen 
today i was thrilled to join student leaders from colleges and universities across the country 
harleydavidson should stay 100 in america with the people that got you your success i’ve done so much for you and then this other companies are coming back where they belong ! we won’t forget and neither will your customers or your now very happy competitors !
supreme court rules in favor of nonunion workers who are now as an example able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the union deciding for them big loss for the coffers of the democrats !
congratulations to maxine waters whose crazy rants have made her together with nancy pelosi the unhinged face of the democrat party together they will make america weak again ! but have no fear america is now stronger than ever before and i’m not going anywhere !
big and conclusive win by mitt romney congratulations ! i look forward to working together  there is so much good to do a great and loving family will be coming to dc
wow ! big trump hater congressman joe crowley who many expected was going to take nancy pelosi’s place just lost his primary election in other words he’s out ! that is a big one that nobody saw happening perhaps he should have been nicer and more respectful to his president !
tremendous win for congressman dan donovan you showed great courage in a tough race ! new york and my many friends on staten island have elected someone they have always been very proud of congratulations !
“the most profound question of our era :  was there a conspiracy in the obama department of justice and the fbi to prevent donald trump from becoming president of the us and was strzok at the core of the conspiracy ?”  judge andrew napolitano
the face of the democrats is now maxine waters who together with nancy pelosi have established a fine leadership team they should always stay together and lead the democrats who want open borders and unlimited crime well into the futureand pick crooked hillary for pres
a harleydavidson should never be built in another countrynever ! their employees and customers are already very angry at them if they move watch it will be the beginning of the end  they surrendered they quit ! the aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before !
it was great being with governor henry mcmaster last night in south carolina henry is tough on crime and borders loves our military and our vets and has created many jobs and a great economy go out and vote for henry today he will never let you down !
we are finishing our study of tariffs on cars from the eu in that they have long taken advantage of the us in the form of trade barriers and tariffs in the end it will all even out  and it won’t take very long !
when i had harleydavidson officials over to the white house i chided them about tariffs in other countries like india being too high companies are now coming back to america harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into us without paying a big tax !
we are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers workers and companies we are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint they must play fair or they will pay tariffs !
surprised that harleydavidson of all companies would be the first to wave the white flag i fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu which has hurt us badly on trade down $151 billion taxes just a harley excuse  be patient maga
congresswoman maxine waters an extraordinarily low iq person has become together with nancy pelosi the face of the democrat party she has just called for harm to supporters of which there are many of the make america great again movement be careful what you wish for max !
if this is done illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks  and at very little by comparison cost this is the only real answer  and we must continue to build the wall !
hiring manythousands of judges and going through a long and complicated legal process is not the way to go  will always be disfunctional people must simply be stopped at the border and told they cannot come into the us illegally children brought back to their country
such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the obama administration and ours actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under obama fake  news  is working overtime !
the red hen restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies doors and windows badly needs a paint job rather than refusing to serve a fine person like sarah huckabee sanders i always had a rule if a restaurant is dirty on the outside it is dirty on the inside !
former attorney general michael mukasey said that president trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on trump tower actually far greater than would ever have been believed !
 @ repclayhiggins has been a great help to me on cutting taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for border security our military and are vets he is tough on crime and has my full endorsement the great state of louisiana we want clay !
house republicans could easily pass a bill on strong border security but remember it still has to pass in the senate and for that we need 10 democrat votes and all they do is resist they want open borders and don’t care about crime ! need more republicans to win in november !
 @ clayhiggins18 has been a great help to me on cutting taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for border security our military and are vets he is tough on crime and has my full endorsement the great state of louisiana we want clay !
our immigration policy laughed at all over the world is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years ! immigration must be based on merit  we need people who will help to make america great again !
we cannot allow all of these people to invade our country when somebody comes in we must immediately with no judges or court cases bring them back from where they came our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and law and order most children come without parents
democrats fix the laws don’t resist we are doing a far better job than bush and obama but we need strength and security at the border ! cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our country strong borders no crime !
major wall street journal opinion piece today talking about the russian witch hunt and the disgrace that it is so many people hurt so bad for our country  a total sham !
america is open for business ! 
it’s very sad that nancy pelosi and her sidekick cryin’ chuck schumer want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country the united states cannot stand for this we wants safety and security at our borders !
heading to nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week tremendous potential and trade deals are coming along well
my thoughts and prayers are with representative katie arrington of south carolina including all of those involved in last nights car accident and their families 
everyone how much he likes me but he will only vote with nancy pelosi keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes !  # maga
 @ fox news   poll numbers plummet on the democrat inspired and paid for russian witch hunt with all of the bias lying and hate by the investigators people want the investigators investigated much more will come out a total scam and excuse for the dems losing the election !
steel is coming back fast ! us steel is adding great capacity also so are others 
our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the united states we will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all 
we are gathered today to hear directly from the american victims of illegal immigration these are the american citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens these are the families the media ignores
based on the tariffs and trade barriers long placed on the us and it great companies and workers by the european union if these tariffs and barriers are not soon broken down and removed we will be placing a 20 tariff on all of their cars coming into the us build them here !
we must maintain a strong southern border we cannot allow our country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief hoping it will help them in the elections obama and others had the same pictures and did nothing about it !
80 of mexico’s exports come to the united states they totally rely on us which is fine with me they do have though very strong immigration laws the us has pathetically weak and ineffective immigration laws that the democrats refuse to help us fix will speak to mexico !
governor henry mcmaster is a truly fine man who loves the people of south carolina he was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a big south carolina victory i will see you all in sc on monday and vice president pence will be there for henry on saturday !
republicans should stop wasting their time on immigration until after we elect more senators and congressmen/women in november dems are just playing games have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem we can pass great legislation after the red wave !
elect more republicans in  november and we will pass the finest fairest and most comprehensive immigration bills anywhere in the world right now we have the dumbest and the worst dems are doing nothing but obstructing remember their motto resist ! ours is produce !
you cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart” without getting dem votes problem is they don’t care about security and r’s do zero dems voted to support the goodlatte bill they won’t vote for anything !
we have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness millions of people will journey into our country
big supreme court win on internet sales tax  about time ! big victory for fairness and for our country great victory for consumers and retailers
farm bill just passed in the house so happy to see work requirements included big win for the farmers !
i was thrilled to be back in minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking american patriots thank you ! 
democrats want open borders where anyone can come into our country and stay this is nancy pelosi’s dream it won’t happen !
what is the purpose of the house doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by democrats in the senate and the dems are only looking to obstruct which they feel is good for them in the midterms republicans must get rid of the stupid filibuster ruleit is killing you !
last night in minnesota was incredible what a crowd !
the border has been a big mess and problem for many years at some point schumer and pelosi who are weak on crime and border security will be forced to do a real deal so easy that solves this long time problem schumer used to want border security  now he’ll take crime !
we shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands as our ridiculous immigration laws demand we should be changing our laws building the wall hire border agents and ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password
just returning from the great state of minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9000 people and at least 10000 who could not get in  i will return ! congratulations to  @ petestauber who is loved and respected in minnesota !
thank you duluth minnesota together we are making america great again ! 
so sorry people wanting to get into the already packed arena  i love you all ! 
just landed in duluth minnesota two events planned  looking forward to them and being with  @ petestauber and his wonderful family !
don’t worry the republicans and your president will fix it ! 
had a great meeting with the house gop last night at the capitol they applauded and laughed loudly when i mentioned my experience with mark sanford i have never been a fan of his !
it’s the democrats fault they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation they want open borders which breeds horrible crime republicans want security but i am working on something  it never ends !
i want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the southern borderit has been going on for many many decades 
 # changethelaws   now is the best opportunity ever for congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration get it done always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security
we must always arrest people coming into our country illegally of the 12000 children 10000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip and only 2000 are with their parents many of whom have tried to enter our country illegally on numerous occasions
democrats are the problem they don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants no matter how bad they may be to pour into and infest our country like ms13 they can’t win on their terrible policies so they view them as potential voters !
crime in germany is up 10 plus officials do not want to report these crimes since migrants were accepted others countries are even worse be smart america !
i can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election !” inspector general horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election a rigged witch hunt !p
if president obama who got nowhere with north korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed had gotten along with north korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that i have the fake  news  would have named him a national hero !
it is the democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with boarder security and crime tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by crime coming from illegal immigration change the laws !
change the laws !
children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country has anyone been looking at the crime taking place south of the border it is historic with some countries the most dangerous places in the world not going to happen in the us
we don’t want what is happening with immigration in europe to happen with us !
the people of germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous berlin coalition crime in germany is way up big mistake made all over europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture !
why don’t the democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws ? where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs including ms13 coming into our country illegally ?
why was the fbi giving so much information to the fake  news  media they are not supposed to be doing that and knowing the enemy of the people fake  news  they put their own spin on it  truth doesn’t matter to them !
washington post employees want to go on strike because bezos isn’t paying them enough i think a really long strike would be a great idea employees would get more money and we would get rid of fake  news  for an extended period of time ! is  @ wapo a registered lobbyist ?
our economy is perhaps better than it has ever been companies doing really well and moving back to america and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years
holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are very expensive and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation also quite provocative can start up immediately if talks break down which i hope will not happen !
please clear up the fake  news  ! 
the ig report totally destroys james comey and all of his minions including the great lovers peter strzok and lisa page who started the disgraceful witch hunt against so many innocent people it will go down as a dark and dangerous period in american history !
the ig report totally distroys james comey and all of his minions including the great lovers peter strzok and lisa page who started the disgraceful witch hunt against so many innocent people it will go down as a dark and dangerous period in american history !
my supporters are the smartest strongest most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history it is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country as we get stronger so does our country best numbers ever !
democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the border by working with republicans on new legislation for a change ! this is why we need more republicans elected in november democrats are good at only three things high taxes high crime and obstruction sad !
the fake  news  media said that i did not get along with other leaders at the  # g7summit in canada they are once again wrong ! 
i have a great relationship with angela merkel of germany but the fake  news  media only shows the bad photos implying anger of negotiating an agreement  where i am asking for things that no other american president would ask for ! 
i’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the bush dynasty then i had to beat the clinton dynasty and now i have to beat a phony witch hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the ig reportand never forget the fake  news  media it never ends !
wow what a tough sentence for paul manafort who has represented ronald reagan bob dole and many other top political people and campaigns didn’t know manafort was the head of the mob what about comey and crooked hillary and all of the others ? very unfair !
wow the highest rated by far morning show  @ foxandfriends is on the front lawn of the white house maybe i’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them ?
usa jobs numbers are the best in 44 years if my opponent the democrats had won the election they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations  the economy and jobs would have been a disaster !
thank you for all of the compliments on getting the world cup to come to the usa mexico and canada i worked hard on this along with a great team of talented people we never fail and it will be a great world cup ! a special thanks to bob kraft for excellent advice
the ig report is a total disaster for comey his minions and sadly the fbi comey will now officially go down as the worst leader by far in the history of the fbi i did a great service to the people in firing him good instincts christopher wray will bring it proudly back !
schneiderman who ran the clinton campaign in new york never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case which lingered in their office for almost 2 years now he resigned his office in disgrace and his disciples brought it when we would not settle
the sleazy new york democrats and their now disgraced and run out of town ag eric schneiderman are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18800000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in $19200000 i won’t settle this case !
so the democrats make up a phony crime collusion with the russians pay a fortune to make the crime sound real illegally leak comey classified information so that a special councel will be appointed and then collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in fake  news  !
now that i am back from singapore where we had a great result with respect to north korea the thought process must sadly go back to the witch hunt always remembering that there was no collusion and no obstruction of the fabricated no crime
the republican party is starting to show very big numbers people are starting to see what is being done results are speaking loudly north korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way !
senator claire mccaskill of the great state of missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her rv tour of the state rv’s are not for her people are really upset so phony ! josh hawley should win big and has my full endorsement
so funny to watch the fake  news  especially nbc and cnn they are fighting hard to downplay the deal with north korea 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deallooked like war would break out our country’s biggest enemy is the fake  news  so easily promulgated by fools !
oil prices are too high opec is at it again not good !
the us together with mexico and canada just got the world cup congratulations  a great deal of hard work !
we save a fortune by not doing war games as long as we are negotiating in good faith  which both sides are !
before taking office people were assuming that we were going to war with north korea president obama said that north korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem no longer  sleep well tonight !
just landed  a long trip but everybody can now feel much safer than the day i took office there is no longer a nuclear threat from north korea meeting with kim jong un was an interesting and very positive experience north korea has great potential for the future !
congratulations to corey stewart for his great victory for senator from virginia now he runs against a total stiff tim kaine who is weak on crime and borders and wants to raise your taxes through the roof don’t underestimate corey a major chance of winning !
realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country wake up punchy !
robert de niro a very low iq individual has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies i watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punchdrunk” i guess he doesn’t
my political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the mark sanford primary thinking that sanford would easily win  but with a few hours left i felt that katie was such a good candidate and sanford was so bad i had to give it a shot congrats to katie arrington !
the world has taken a big step back from potential nuclear catastrophe ! no more rocket launches nuclear testing or research ! the hostages are back home with their families thank you to chairman kim our day together was historic !
i want to thank chairman kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people our unprecedented meeting – the first between an american president and a leader of north korea – proves that real change is possible ! 
realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country wake up punchy !
robert de niro a very low iq individual has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies i watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punchdrunk” i guess he doesn’t
got along great with kim jongun who wants to see wonderful things for his country as i said earlier today :  anyone can make war but only the most courageous can make peace !  # singaporesummit
heading back home from singapore after a truly amazing visit great progress was made on the denuclearization of north korea hostages are back home will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families no missiles shot no research happening sites closing
mark sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to maga he is mia and nothing but trouble he is better off in argentina i fully endorse katie arrington for congress in sc a state i love she is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes vote katie !
i strongly endorse adam laxalt for governor of nevada adam is smart works hard and knows how to win he will be a great governor also will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime !
our great larry kudlow who has been working so hard on trade and the economy has just suffered a heart attack he is now in walter reed medical center
meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quicklybut in the end that doesn’t matter we will all know soon whether or not a real deal unlike those of the past can happen !
sorry we cannot let our friends or enemies take advantage of us on trade anymore we must put the american worker first !
great to be in singapore excitement in the air !
germany pays 1 slowly of gdp towards nato while we pay 4 of a much larger gdp does anybody believe that makes sense ? we protect europe which is good at great financial loss and then get unfairly clobbered on trade change is coming !
and add to that the fact that the us pays close to the entire cost of natoprotecting many of these same countries that rip us off on trade they pay only a fraction of the costand laugh ! the european union had a $151 billion surplusshould pay much more for military !
fair trade is now to be called fool trade if it is not reciprocal according to a canada release they make almost 100 billion dollars in trade with us guess they were bragging and got caught ! minimum is 17b tax dairy from us at 270 then justin acts hurt when called out !
based on justin’s false statements at his  news  conference and the fact that canada is charging massive tariffs to our us farmers workers and companies i have instructed our us reps not to endorse the communique as we look at tariffs on automobiles flooding the us market !
…create peace and great prosperity for his land i look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this onetime opportunity will not be wasted !
i am on my way to singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for north korea and the world it will certainly be an exciting day and i know that kim jongun will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before
the united states will not allow other countries to impose massive tariffs and trade barriers on its farmers workers and companies while sending their product into our country tax free we have put up with trade abuse for many decades — and that is long enough
usa trade they fully understand where i am coming from after many decades fair and reciprocal trade will happen !
just left the  @ g7 summit in beautiful canada great meetings and relationships with the six country leaders especially since they know i cannot allow them to apply large tariffs and strong barriers to
just met the new prime minister of italy  @ giuseppeconteit a really great guy he will be honored in washington at the  @ whitehouse shortly he will do a great job  the people of italy got it right !
henry mcmaster loves the people of south carolina and was with me from the beginning he is strong on crime and borders great for our military and our vets he is doing a fantastic job as your governor and has my full endorsement a special guy vote on tuesday !
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in somalia they are truly all heroes
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in somolia they are truly all heroes
i am heading for canada and the g7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the united states from there i go to singapore and talks with north korea on denuclearization won’t be talking about the russian witch hunt hoax for a while !
congratulations to the washington capitals on their great play and winning the stanley cup championship alex ovechkin the team captain was spectacular  a true superstar ! dc is popping in many ways what a time !
looking forward to straightening out unfair trade deals with the g7 countries if it doesn’t happen we come out even better !
canada charges the us a 270  tariff on dairy products ! they didn’t tell you that did they ? not fair to our farmers !
obama schumer and pelosi did nothing about north korea and now weak on crime high tax schumer is telling me what to do at the summit the dems could never set up schumer failed with north korea and iran we don’t need his advice !
prime minister trudead.c.eing so indignant bringing up the relationship that the us and canada had over the many years and all sorts of other thingsbut he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300 on dairy — hurting our farmers killing our agriculture !
please tell prime minister trudeau and president macron that they are charging the us massive tariffs and create nonmonetary barriers the eu trade surplus with the us is $151 billion and canada keeps our farmers and others out look forward to seeing them tomorrow
 pm  abe and i are also working to improve the trading relationship between the us and japan something we have to do the us seeks a bilateral deal with japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity we’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance 
today i am greatly honored to welcome my good friend  pm  abe of japan to the  @ whitehouse over the past 16 months the prime minister and i have worked closely together to address common challenges of which there are many 
the obama administration is now accused of trying to give iran secret access to the financial system of the united states this is totally illegal perhaps we could get the 13 angry democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” as comey would call it investigate !
how could jeff flake who is setting record low polling numbers in arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own senate seat without even a fight and who doesn’t have a clue think about running for office even a lower one again ? let’s face it he’s a flake !
when and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 angry democrats plus working on the witch hunt hoax there has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted it is all a democrat excuse for losing the election where is the server ?
we must always protect those who protect us today it was my great honor to sign the  # vamissionact and to make veterans choice the permanent law of the land ! 
many more republican voters showed up yesterday than the fake  news  thought possible the political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there  or they do get it but refuse to report the facts ! remember dems are high tax high crime easy to beat !
four reporters spotted melania in the white house last week walking merrily along to a meeting they never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever fake  news  is really bad !
the fake  news  media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great first lady melania during her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the wh and me for ny or virginia to abuse all fake she is doing really well !
great night for republicans ! congratulations to john cox on a really big number in california he can win even fake  news  cnn said the trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible so much for the big blue wave it may be a big red wave working hard !
mitch mcconnell announced he will cancel the senate’s august recess great maybe the democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of high crime and high taxes we need border security !
this is a level of criminality beyond the pale this is such a grave abuse of power and authority it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history this makes the nixon watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
chris farrell judicial watch “they were running an operation to undermine a candidate for president of the us these are all violations of law this is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election there’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system
imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have chuck and nancy standing in our way ! for years democrats in congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending and to what end ? no more
senator  @ rogerwicker of mississippi has done everything necessary to make america great again ! get out and vote for roger he has my total support !
get the vote out in california today for rep kevin mccarthy and all of the great gop candidates for congress keep our country out of the hands of high tax high crime nancy pelosi
in high tax high crime california be sure to get out and vote for republican john cox for governor he will make a big difference !
separating families at the border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the democrats border security laws should be changed but the dems can’t get their act together ! started the wall
meeting in singapore with north korea will hopefully be the start of something bigwe will soon see !
the russian witch hunt hoax continues all because jeff sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himselfi would have quickly picked someone else so much time and money wasted so many lives ruinedand sessions knew better than most that there was no collusion !
the us has an increased economic value of more than 7 trillion dollars since the election may be the best economy in the history of our country record jobs numbers nice !
what is taking so long with the inspector general’s report on crooked hillary and slippery james comey numerous delays hope report is not being changed and made weaker ! there are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know transparency !
the philadelphia eagles football team was invited to the white house unfortunately only a small number of players decided to come and we canceled the event staying in the locker room for the playing of our national anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling sorry !
in many ways this is the greatest economy in the history of america and the best time ever to look for a job !
the fake  news  media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony russian witch hunt
the appointment of the special counsel is totally unconstitutional ! despite that we play the game because i unlike the democrats have done nothing wrong !
farmers have not been doing well for 15 years mexico canada china and others have treated them unfairly by the time i finish trade talks that will change big trade barriers against us farmers and other businesses will finally be broken massive trade deficits no longer !
the appointment of the special councel is totally unconstitutional ! despite that we play the game because i unlike the democrats have done nothing wrong !
the us has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only win !
“this is the best time ever to look for a job” james freeman of wsj
as only one of two people left who could become president why wouldn’t the fbi or department of “justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating paul manafort on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped during my campaign ? should have told me !
when you’re almost 800 billion dollars a year down on trade you can’t lose a trade war ! the us has been ripped off by other countries for years on trade time to get smart !
why is it that the wall street journal though well meaning never mentions the unfairness of the tariffs routinely charged against the us by other countries or the many billions of dollars that the tariffs we are now charging are and will be pouring into us coffers ?
the united states must at long last be treated fairly on trade if we charge a country zero to sell their goods and they charge us 25 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours it is unfair and can no longer be tolerated that is not free or fair trade it is stupid trade !
there was no collusion with russia except by the democrats when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end ? so bad for our country is the special counsel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake  news  media ? should be looking at dems corruption instead ?
there was no collusion with russia except by the democrats when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end ? so bad for our country is the special councel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake  news  media ? should be looking at dems corruption instead ?
very surprised that china would be doing this ? 
now this is a record that will never be broken ! 
today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the united states coast guard ! 
why aren’t they firing no talent samantha bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show ? a total double standard but that’s ok we are winning and will be doing so for a long time to come !
ap has just reported that the russian hoax investigation has now cost our government over $17 million and going up fast no collusion except by the democrats !
will be giving a full pardon to dinesh d’souza today he was treated very unfairly by our government !
not that it matters but i never fired james comey because of russia ! the corrupt mainstream media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true !
iger where is my call of apology ? you and abc have offended millions of people and they demand a response how is brian ross doing ? he tanked the market with an abc lie yet no apology double standard !
rush limbaugh  “if the fbi was so concerned and if they weren’t targeting trump they should have told trump if they were really concerned about the russians infiltrating a campaign hoax then why not try to stop it ? why not tell trump ? because they were pushing this scam”
with the  # righttotry law i signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions these are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise 
today i am proud to keep another promise to the american people as i sign the  # righttotry legislation into law 
the failing and corrupt  @ nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people” when in fact it was many times that number  and the arena was rockin’ this is the way they demean and disparage they are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me and never did !
there are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else !” and i wish i did !
chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‘oh by the way i’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office i would be frustrated tooand that’s how i read that  senator sessions why didn’t you tell me before i picked you
reptrey gowdy “i don’t think so i think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that attorney general sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward if i were the president and i picked someone to be the country’s
sorry i’ve got to start focusing my energy on north korea nuclear bad trade deals va choice the economy rebuilding the military and so much more and not on the rigged russia witch hunt that should be investigating clinton/russia/fbi/justice/obama/comey/lynch etc
the 13 angry democrats plus people who worked 8 years for obama working on the rigged russia witch hunt will be meddling with the midterm elections especially now that republicans stay tough ! are taking the lead in polls there was no collusion except by the democrats !
we have put a great team together for our talks with north korea meetings are currently taking place concerning summit and more kim young chol the vice chairman of north korea heading now to new york solid response to my letter thank you !
democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from obama’s term showing children from the border in steel cages they thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad but backfires dems must agree to wall and new border protection for good of countrybipartisan bill !
a democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to repeal the gop tax cuts no chance this is too good to be true for republicansremember the nancy pelosi dems are also weak on crime the border and want to be gentle and kind to ms13 gang membersnot good !
our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny they saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served they cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families they inspired their communities 
the heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of american life they came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty 
thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance we are gathered here on the sacred soil of  @ arlingtonnatl cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of america's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom  # memorialday 
“sally yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the justice dept i find her actions to be really quite unbelievable” jonathan turley
why didn’t president obama do something about the socalled russian meddling when he was told about it by the fbi before the election ? because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart ! he was in charge not me and did nothing
our united states team has arrived in north korea to make arrangements for the summit between kim jong un and myself i truly believe north korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial nation one day kim jong un agrees with me on this it will happen !
who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives and others that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony russia collusion witch hunt ? they journeyed down to washington dc with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nationthey went back home in tatters !
with spies or “informants” as the democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister but it’s not all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the fbi or “justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony russia problem ?
unlike what the failing and corrupt new york times would like people to believe there is zero disagreement within the trump administration as to  how to deal with north koreaand if there was it wouldn’t matter the  @ nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning !
looking forward to seeing joshua holt this evening in the white house the great people of utah are celebrating !
put pressure on the democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the border into the us catch and release lottery and chain must also go with it and we must continue building the wall ! democrats are protecting ms13 thugs
good  news  about the release of the american hostage from venezuela should be landing in dc this evening and be in the white house with his family at about 7 : 00  pm  the great people of utah will be very happy !
we are having very productive talks with north korea about reinstating the summit which if it does happen will likely remain in singapore on the same date june 12th and if necessary will be extended beyond that date
but complain and obstruct they made only bad deals iran and their socalled trade deals are the laughing stock of the world !
funny to watch the democrats criticize trade deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the obama administration did nothing on trade except let other countries rip off the united states lost almost $800 billion/year under “o”
chicago police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job the killings are at a record pace and tough police work which chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fastthe killings must stop !
to the  @ navalacademy class of 2018 i say :  we know you are up to the task we know you will make us proud we know that glory will be yours because you are winners you are warriors you are fighters you are champions and you will lead us to victory ! god bless the usa ! 
on behalf of the american people congratulations ! we love you ! 
very good  news  to receive the warm and productive statement from north korea we will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace only time and talent will tell !
can anyone even imagine having spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain ? and to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money lost !
the democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a spy as illegal as that may be but what about an “informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the russian hoax ?
i will be making the commencment address today at the united states naval academy in annapolis maryland look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth !
i have decided to terminate the planned summit in singapore on june 12th while many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially i believe that this is a tremendous setback for north korea and indeed a setback for the world 
clapper has now admitted that there was spying in my campaign large dollars were paid to the spy far beyond normal starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in us history spygate  a terrible thing !
great to be in new york for the day heading back to the  @ whitehouse now lots of work to be done ! 
thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in bethpage new york keep up the great work ! 
today on long island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of ms13 i was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the state of the union 
there will be big  news  coming soon for our great american autoworkers after many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough !
big legislation will be signed by me shortly after many years right to try and big changes to dodd frank
our trade deal with china is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion
“trump should be happy that the fbi was spying on his campaign” no james clapper i am not happy spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot !
spygate could be one of the biggest political scandals in history !
look how things have turned around on the criminal deep state they go after phony collusion with russia a made up scam and end up getting caught in a major spy scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before ! what goes around comes around !
if the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a spy put there by the previous administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered  many times higher than normal
follow the money ! the spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported collusion with russia because there was no collusion he was only there to spy for political reasons and to help crooked hillary win  just like they did to bernie sanders who got duped !
under our potential deal with china they will purchase from our great american farmers practically as much as our farmers can produce
they then used to start an investigation about trump it is that simple this guy is the genesis of this whole debacle this was a political hit job this was not an intelligence investigation brennan has disgraced himself he’s worried about staying out of jail” dan bongino
top of the fbi brennan started this entire debacle about president trump we now know that brennan had detailed knowledge of the phony dossierhe knows about the dossier he denies knowledge of the dossier he briefs the gang of 8 on the hill about the dossier which
“john brennan is panicking he has disgraced himself he has disgraced the country he has disgraced the entire intelligence community he is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of american’s faith in the intelligence community and in some people at the
on china barriers and tariffs to come down for first time
china has agreed to buy massive amounts of additional farm/agricultural products  would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years !
i hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the department of justice look into whether or not the fbi/doj infiltrated or surveilled the trump campaign for political purposes  and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the obama administration !
and why hasn’t the podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm ? is it because he is a very well connected democrat working in the swamp of washington dc ?
now that the witch hunt has given up on russia and is looking at the rest of the world they should easily be able to take it into the midterm elections where they can put some hurt on the republican party don’t worry about dems fisa abuse missing emails or fraudulent dossier !
in the hillary clinton campaign where she deleted 33000 emails got $145000000 while secretary of state paid mccabes wife $700000 and got off the fbi hook along with terry m and so much more republicans and real americans should start getting tough on this scam
at what point does this soon to be $20000000 witch hunt composed of 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats and two people who have worked for obama for 8 years stop ! they have found no collussion with russia no obstruction but they aren’t looking at the corruption
if the fbi or doj was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal only the release or review of documents that the house intelligence committee also senate judiciary is asking for can give the conclusive answers drain the swamp !
great to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house melania is feeling and doing really well thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes !
great to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house melanie is feeling and doing really well thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes !
happy  # armedforcesday to our great military men and women for their selfless service to our nation ! 
america is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal we have ended the war on coal and will continue to work to promote american energy dominance !
california finally deserves a great governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes john cox is the man  he’ll be the best governor you’ve ever had i fully endorse john cox for governor and look forward to working with him to make california great again !
just met with un secretarygeneral antónio guterres who is working hard to “make the united nations great again” when the un does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the us has less to do and we save money  @ nikkihaley is doing a fantastic job ! 
america is a nation that believes in the power of redemption america is a nation that believes in second chances  and america is a nation that believes that the best is always yet to come !  # prisonreform 
we grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in texas to the students families teachers and personnel at santa fe high school – we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever 
school shooting in texas early reports not looking good god bless all !
reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president it took place very early on and long before the phony russia hoax became a “hot” fake  news  story if true  all time biggest political scandal !
it was my great honor to visit with our heroes last night at walter reed medical center there is nobody like them ! 
great talk with my friend president mauricio macri of argentina this week he is doing such a good job for argentina i support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential !
congrats to the house for passing the va mission act yesterday without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care putting politics over our veterans care is unacceptable – senate must vote yes on this bill by memorial day !
despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted witch hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month administration in us history  by far ! sorry to the fake  news  media and “haters” but that’s the way it is !
wow word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump campaign with an embedded informant” andrew mccarthy says “there’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign” if so this is bigger than watergate !
wow word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump campaign with an imbedded informant” andrew mccarthy says “there’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign” if so this is bigger than watergate !
congratulations america we are now into the second year of the greatest witch hunt in american historyand there is still no collusion and no obstruction the only collusion was that done by democrats who were unable to win an election despite the spending of far more money !
gina haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the cia she is exceptionally qualified and the senate should confirm her immediately we need her to keep our great country safe !  # confirmgina
we have not seen china’s demands yet which should be few in that previous us administrations have done so poorly in negotiating china has seen our demands there has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings
haven’t even started yet ! the us has very little to give because it has given so much over the years china has much to give !
the washington post and cnn have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with china nothing has happened with zte except as it pertains to the larger trade deal our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with china
congratulations to deb fischer the people of nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing  and it showed up at the ballot box !  # maga
congratulations to lou barletta of pennsylvania he will be a great senator and will represent his people well  like they haven’t been represented in many years lod.c. friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help make america great again !
today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the law enforcement heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty they made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace we stand with our police heroes 100 ! 
nebraska  make sure you get out to the polls and vote for deb fischer today ! 
can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories i get from the fake  news  media together with the  $10000000 russian witch hunt there is no collusion i now have my best poll numbers in a year much of the media may be corrupt but the people truly get it !
trade negotiations are continuing with china they have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the us for many years stay tuned !
our great first lady is doing really well will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days thank you for so much love and support !
heading over to walter reed medical center to see our great first lady melania successful procedure she is in good spirits thank you to all of the wellwishers !
the socalled leaks coming out of the white house are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the fake  news  media in order to make us look as bad as possible with that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are !
zte the large chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from us companies this is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with china and my personal relationship with president xi
remember how badly iran was behaving with the iran deal in place they were trying to take over the middle east by whatever means necessary now that will not happen !
china and the united states are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of china for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries but be cool it will all work out !
president xi of china and i are working together to give massive chinese phone company zte a way to get back into business fast too many jobs in china lost commerce department has been instructed to get it done !
the senate should get funding done before the august break or not go home wall and border security should be included also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations worst in history democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct all they know how to do stay !
iran’s military budget is up more than 40 since the obama negotiated nuclear deal was reachedjust another indicator that it was all a big lie but not anymore !
big week next week when the american embassy in israel will be moved to jerusalem congratulations to all !
the american people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them we will work every day to ensure all americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve we will not rest until the job is done ! 
today my administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the american people we will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter ! 
the highly anticipated meeting between kim jong un and myself will take place in singapore on june 12th we will both try to make it a very special moment for world peace !
on behalf of the american people welcome home ! 
gina haspel did a spectacular job today there is nobody even close to run the cia !
the failing new york times criticized secretary of state pompeo for being awol missing when in fact he was flying to north korea fake  news  so bad !
congratulations to mike dewine on his big win in the great state of ohio he will be a great governor with a heavy focus on healthcare and jobs  his socialist opponent in november should not do well a big failure in last job !
candace owens of turning point usa is having a big impact on politics in our country she represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going onso good for our country !
the republican party had a great night tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in november the economy is sooo strong and with nancy pelosi wanting to end the big tax cuts and raise taxes why wouldn’t we win ?
the iran deal is defective at its core if we do nothing we know what will happen in just a short time the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons 
john kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it ! stay away from negotiations john you are hurting your country !
i will be speaking to my friend president xi of china this morning at 8 : 30 the primary topics will be trade where good things will happen and north korea where relationships and trust are building
gina haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the cia is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be tough on terror ! this is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone the cia wants her to lead them into america’s  bright and glorious future !
the united states does not need john kerry’s possibly illegal shadow diplomacy on the very badly negotiated iran deal  he was the one that created this mess in the first place !
is this phony witch hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the midterm elections which is what the democrats always intended ? republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late !
lisa page who may hold the record for the most emails in the shortest period of time to her lover peter s and attorney baker are out at the fbi as part of the probers getting caught ? why is peter s still there ? what a total mess our country has to get back to business !
good luck to ric grenell our new ambassador to germany a great and talented guy he will represent our country well !
the 13 angry democrats in charge of the russian witch hunt are starting to find out that there is a court system in place that actually protects people from injusticeand just wait ‘till the courts get to see your unrevealed conflicts of interest !
the russia witch hunt is rapidly losing credibility house intelligence committee found no collusion coordination or anything else with russia so now the probe says ok what else is there ? how about obstruction for a made up phony crimethere is no o it’s called fighting back
my highly respected nominee for cia director gina haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on terrorists think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who democrats want out because she is too tough on terror win gina !
our high level delegation is on the way back from china where they had long meetings with chinese leaders and business representatives we will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for china in that they have become very spoiled with us trade wins !
just returned home to the beautiful white house from dallas where the arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the  @ nra it was so wonderful to be there !
i want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the  @ nra we will never fail and we will always protect your second amendment ! god bless you and god bless america ! 
we are going to demand congress secure the border in the upcoming cr illegal immigration must end !
democrats and liberals in congress want to disarm lawabiding americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets politicians who put criminal aliens before american citizens should be voted out of office !
all of us here today are united by the same timeless values we believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no government can ever take it away we believe in the rule of law  and we support the men and women of law enforcement we have pride in our history 
going to dallas the great state of texas today leaving soon !
nbc  news  is wrong again ! they cite “sources” which are constantly wrong problem is like so many others the sources probably don’t exist they are fabricated fiction ! nbc my former home with the apprentice is now as bad as fake  news  cnn sad !
because jobs in the us are doing so well americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973 great !
our southern border is under siege congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws must build a wall mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help !
despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair prior to its violation by ms clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction
very common among celebrities and people of wealth in this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in arbitration for damages against ms clifford daniels the agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair
mr cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a nondisclosure agreement or nda these agreements are
our great financial team is in china trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade ! i look forward to being with president xi in the not too distant future we will always have a good great relationship !
ainsley earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “the light within me” which is doing really well she is very special and so is her new bookbring it to number one !
as everybody is aware the past administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a north korean labor camp but to no avail stay tuned !
“this isn’t some game you are screwing with the work of the president of the united states”  john dowd march 2018  with north korea china the middle east and so much more there is not much time to be thinking about this especially since there was no russian “collusion”
i have been briefed on the us c130 “hercules” cargo plane from the puerto rico national guard that crashed near savannah hilton head international airport please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the national guard
a rigged system  they don’t want to turn over documents to congress what are they afraid of ? why so much redacting ? why such unequal “justice ?” at some point i will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the presidency and get involved !
it would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened ! witch hunt !
delegation heading to china to begin talks on the massive trade deficit that has been created with our country very much like north korea this should have been fixed years ago not now same with other countries and naftabut it will all get done great potential for usa !
the white house is running very smoothly despite phony witch hunts etc there is great energy and unending stamina both necessary to get things done we are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so ! fake  news  is going “bonkers !”
the fake  news  is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources who don’t exist they are totally unhinged and the great success of this administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying truly bad people !
during small business week we celebrate the great hardworking entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business !
i recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of congressional term limits i gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts  # draintheswamp
the white house correspondents’ dinner is dead as we know it this was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great country and all that it stands for fake  news  is alive and well and beautifully represented on saturday night !
the white house correspondents’ dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it the filthy “comedian” totally bombed couldn’t even deliver her linesmuch like the seth meyers weak performance put dinner to rest or start over !
just got recent poll  much higher than president o at same timewell much more has been accomplished !
great evening last night in washington michigan the enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal to the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in i cherish youand will be back !
secret service has just informed me that senator jon tester’s statements on admiral jackson are not true there were no such findings a horrible thing that we in dc must live with just like phony russian collusion tester should lose race in montana very dishonest and sick !
look forward to being in the great state of michigan tonight major business expansion and jobs pouring into your state auto companies expanding at record pace big crowd tonight will be live on tv
just had a long and very good talk with president moon of south korea things are going very well time and location of meeting with north korea is being set also spoke to prime minister abe of japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations
great people of montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being admiral jackson is the kind of man that those in montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered not fair tester !
house intelligence committee rules that there was no collusion between the trump campaign and russia as i have been saying all along it is all a big hoax by the democrats based on payments and lies there should never have been a special counsel appointed witch hunt !
house intelligence committee rules that there was no collusion between the trump campaign and russia as i have been saying all along it is all a big hoax by the democrats based on payments and lies there should never have been a special councel appointed witch hunt !
look forward to meeting with chancellor angela merkel of germany today so much to discuss so little time ! it will be good for both of our great countries !
please do not forget the great help that my good friend president xi of china has given to the united states particularly at the border of north korea without him it would have been a much longer tougher process !
so great to have staff sgt dan nevins and the incredible wounded warriors with me in the white house yesterday these are truly brave and special people !  @ foxandfriends
korean war to end ! the united states and all of its great people should be very proud of what is now taking place in korea !
after a furious year of missile launches and nuclear testing a historic meeting between north and south korea is now taking place good things are happening but only time will tell !
is everybody believing what is going on james comey can’t define what a leak is he illegally leaked classified information but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is he lied all over the place to cover it up he’s either very sick or very dumb remember sailor !
looking forward to my meeting with tim cook of apple we will be talking about many things including how the us has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade
busy day planned  looking forward to watching president macron of france address a joint session of congress today this is a great honor and seldom allowed to be donehe will be great !
congratulations to republican debbie lesko on her big win in the special election for arizona house seat debbie will do a great job ! press is so silent
our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny we are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of god in every human soul 
 @ jimrenacci has worked so hard on tax reductions illegal immigration the border and crime i need jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep making america great again ! he will be a fantastic senator for the great state of ohio and has my full endorsement !
 @ jimrenacci has worked so hard on tax reductions illegal immigration the border and crime i need jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep making america great again ! he will be a fantastic  senator for the great state of ohio and has my full endorsement !
arizona please get out today and vote  @ debbielesko for congress in  # az08 strong on border immigration and crime great on the military time is ticking down  get out and vote today we need debbie in congress !
americans stand with you and all of canada prime minister  @ justintrudeau our thoughts and prayers are with you all  # torontostrong 
here’s a great stat  since january 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 19 million the american people are finally back to work !
mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through mexico and into the us we may make this a condition of the new nafta agreement our country cannot accept what is happening ! also we must get wall funding fast
despite the democrat inspired laws on sanctuary cities and the border being so bad and one sided i have instructed the secretary of homeland security not to let these large caravans of people into our country it is a disgrace we are the only country in the world so naive ! wall
hard to believe obstructionists may vote against mike pompeo for secretary of state the dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the ambassador to germany they are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before need more republicans !
thank you to the incredible law enforcement officers from the palm beach county sheriff’s office they keep us safe and are very cool about it ! 
funny how all of the pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on north korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal !
we are a long way from conclusion on north korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t  only time will tellbut the work i am doing now should have been done a long time ago !
sylvester stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion jack johnson his trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes i am considering a full pardon !
so funny the democrats have sued the republicans for winning now he r’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including servers and emails !
heading to the southern white house to watch the funeral service of barbara bush first lady melania has arrived in houston to pay our respects will be a beautiful day !
today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush family in memory of first lady barbara bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the center hall of the  @ whitehouse 
fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in key west florida thank you ! 
it means lying or making up stories sorry i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media !
the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie haberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip” they use
the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie habberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip” they use
it means lying or making up stories sorry i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media !
james comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a special council ? therefore the special council was established based on an illegal act ? really does everybody know what that means ?
just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats this can be good  news  in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the debbie wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails
north korea has agreed to suspend all nuclear tests and close up a major test site this is very good  news  for north korea and the world  big progress ! look forward to our summit
just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats this can be good  news  in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the wendy wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails
can you believe that despite 93 bad stories from the fake  news  media should be getting good stories today we had just about our highest poll numbers including those on election day ? the american public is wise to the phony an dishonest press make america great again !
looks like opec is at it again with record amounts of oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea oil prices are artificially very high ! no good and will not be accepted !
nancy pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big tax cuts given to the american people by the republicansgot not one democrat vote ! here’s a choice they want to end them and raise your taxes substantially republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts !
so exciting ! i have agreed to be the commencement speaker at our great naval academy on may 25th in annapolis maryland looking forward to being there
so general michael flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while shadey james comey can leak and lie and make lots of money from a third rate book that should never have been written is that really the way life in america is supposed to work ? i don’t think so !
sanctuary cities released at least 142 gang members across the united states making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed we are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in america difficult !
my thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two  @ gcsoflorida deputies heroes who lost their lives in the line of duty today
mike pompeo is outstanding first in his class at west point a top student at harvard law school a success at whatever he has done we need the senate to approve mike asap he will be a great secretary of state !
hopefully the senate will not leave washington until our ambassadors judges and the people who make washington work are approved the democrats are obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our country !
democrats are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our government hence the american people they are “slow walking” all of my nominations  hundreds of people at this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals !
 @ marshablackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her great on the military border security and crime loves and works hard for the people of tennessee she has my full endorsement and i will be there to campaign with her !
great meeting with prime minister abe of japan who has just left florida talked in depth about north korea military and trade good things will happen !
best wishes to prime minister  @ netanyahu and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great independence we have no better friends anywhere looking forward to moving our embassy to jerusalem next month !
slippery james comey the worst fbi director in history was not fired because of the phony russia investigation where by the way there was no collusion except by the dems !
mike pompeo met with kim jong un in north korea last week meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed details of summit are being worked out now denuclearization will be a great thing for world but also for north korea !
a sketch years later about a nonexistent man a total con job playing the fake  news  media for fools but they know it ! 
while japan and south korea would like us to go back into tpp i don’t like the deal for the united states too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for our workers look how bad wto is to us
pastor andrew brunson a fine gentleman and christian leader in the united states is on trial and being persecuted in turkey for no reason they call him a spy but i am more a spy than he is hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs !
states and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers very unfair to traditional tax paying stores !
today’s court decision means that congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons this is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by
rasmussen just came out at 51 approval despite the fake  news  media they were one of the three most accurate on election day just about the most inaccurate were cnn and abc  news /washington post and they haven’t changed get new pollsters much of the media is a scam !
looks like jerry brown and california are not looking for safety and security along their very porous border he cannot come to terms for the national guard to patrol and protect the border the high crime rate will only get higher much wanted wall in san diego already started !
so many people are seeing the benefits of the tax cut bill everyone is talking really nice to see !
i am in florida and looking forward to my meeting with prime minister abe of japan working on trade and military security
employment is up taxes are down enjoy !
russia and china are playing the currency devaluation game as the us keeps raising interest rates not acceptable !
just hit 50 in the rasmussen poll much higher than president obama at same point with all of the phony stories and fake  news  it’s hard to believe ! thank you america we are doing great things
slippery james comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack he is not smart ! will go down as the worst fbi director in history by far !
attorney client privilege is now a thing of the past i have many too many ! lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken all lawyers are deflated and concerned !
i never asked comey for personal loyalty i hardly even knew this guy just another of his many lies his “memos” are self serving and fake !
the syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the fake  news  media could demean was by my use of the term “mission accomplished” i knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great military term it should be brought back use often !
unbelievably james comey states that polls where crooked hillary was leading were a factor in the handling stupidly of the clinton email probe in other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job slimeball !
so proud of our great military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our country has ever had there won’t be anything or anyone even close !
a perfectly executed strike last night thank you to france and the united kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine military could not have had a better result mission accomplished !
we are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words :  made in the usa ! 
untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible director of the fbi his handling of the crooked hillary clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history it was my great honor to fire james comey !
tremendous pressure is building like never before for the border wall and an end to crime cradling sanctuary cities started the wall in san diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it they will soon be protected !
would only join tpp if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to pres obama we already have bilateral deals with six of the eleven nations in tpp and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations japan who has hit us hard on trade for years !
america’s greatest treasure is our people – and my administration hears your voice and has your back we are fighting to give every american a future of dignity purpose and pride american spirit is back !  # taxcuts 
thank you to all of the american workers who travelled here today ! this event is dedicated to you :  the hardworking americans who make this nation run you love your country you provide for your family you have pride in your work and you cherish our great american flag !  # taxcuts 
i have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with robert mueller unlike the clintons ! i have full confidence in ty cobb my special counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process
good luck to mike pompeo during his confirmation hearing today he will be a great secretary of state !
never said when an attack on syria would take place could be very soon or not so soon at all ! in any event the united states under my administration has done a great job of ridding the region of isis where is our “thank you america ?”
california governor jerry brown is doing the right thing and sending the national guard to the border thank you jerry good move for the safety of our country !
if i wanted to fire robert mueller in december as reported by the failing new york times i would have fired him just more fake  news  from a biased  news paper !
speaker paul ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking reelection he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question we are with you paul !
our relationship with russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the cold war there is no reason for this russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together stop the arms race ?
russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at syria get ready russia  because they will be coming nice and new and “smart !” you shouldn’t be partners with a gas killing animal who kills his people and enjoys it !
doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt russia investigation which takes tremendous time and focus no collusion or obstruction other than i fight back so now they do the unthinkable and raid a lawyers office for information ! bad !
last night it was my great honor to host america’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the white house america’s military is the greatest fighting force in the history of the world they all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform ! 
the democrats are not doing what’s right for our country i will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law ! 
when a car is sent to the united states from china there is a tariff to be paid of 2 1/2 when a car is sent to china from the united states there is a tariff to be paid of 25 does that sound like free or fair trade  no it sounds like stupid trade   going on for years !
congratulations to patrick reed on his great and courageous masters win ! when patrick had his amazing win at doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead now he is the masters champion !
if president obama had crossed his stated red line in the sand the syrian disaster would have ended long ago ! animal assad would have been history !
many dead including women and children in mindless chemical attack in syria area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by syrian army making it completely inaccessible to outside world president putin russia and iran are responsible for backing animal assad big price
the washington post is far more fiction than fact story after story is made up garbage  more like a poorly written novel than good reporting always quoting sources not names many of which don’t exist story on john kelly isn’t true just another hit job !
the washington post is far more fiction than fact story after story is made up made garbage  more like a poorly written novel than good reporting always quoting sources not names many of which don’t exist story on john kelly isn’t truejust another hit job !
“the fbi closed the case on hillary which was a rigged investigation they exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath” and much more so true jesse !  @ wattersworld
fire at trump tower is out very confined well built building firemen and women did a great job thank you !
what does the department of justice and fbi have to hide ? why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents unredacted to the house judiciary committee ? stalling but for what reason ? not looking good !
we are sealing up our southern border the people of our great country want safety and security the dems have been a disaster on this very important issue !
the united states hasn’t had a trade surplus with china in 40 years they must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only reciprocal tariffs the us is losing $500 billion a year and has been losing billions of dollars for decades cannot continue !
just spoke to  @ justintrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible humboldt team tragedy may god be with them all !
america is open for business ! 
do you believe that the fake  news  media is pushing hard on a story that i am going to replace ag jeff sessions with epa chief scott pruitt who is doing a great job but is totally under siege ? do people really believe this stuff ? so much of the media is dishonest and corrupt !
china which is a great economic power is considered a developing nation within the world trade organization they therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the us does anybody think this is fair we were badly represented the wto is unfair to us
thanks to our historic tax cuts america is open for business and millions of american workers are seeing more takehome pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses ! 
the caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our border because of the trump administrations actions border crossings are at a still unacceptable 46 year low stop drugs !
our thoughts and prayers are with the four us marines from the 3rd marine aircraft wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s southern california helicopter crash we pray for their families and our great  @ usmc
we are not in a trade war with china that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the us now we have a trade deficit of $500 billion a year with intellectual property theft of another $300 billion we cannot let this continue !
was just briefed on the shooting at youtube’s hq in san bruno california our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved thank you to our phenomenal law enforcement officers and first responders that are currently on the scene
i am right about amazon costing the united states post office massive amounts of money for being their delivery boy amazon should pay these costs plus and not have them bourne by the american taxpayer many billions of dollars po leaders don’t have a clue or do they ? !
thank you to rasmussen for the honest polling just hit 50 which is higher than cheatin’ obama at the same time in his administration
check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged  @ cnn unless you state that you are totally antitrump ? little jeff zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately they should clean up and strengthen cnn and get back to honest reporting !
the big caravan of people from honduras now coming across mexico and heading to our “weak laws” border had better be stopped before it gets there cash cow nafta is in play as is foreign aid to honduras and the countries that allow this to happen congress must act now !
39 of my nominations including diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to democrat obstruction and delay at this rate it would take more than 7 years before i am allowed to have these great people start working never happened before disgraceful !
honduras mexico and many other countries that the us is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our weak immigration policies caravans are heading here must pass tough laws and build the wall democrats allow open borders drugs and crime !
so sad that the department of “justice” and the fbi are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by congress an embarrassment to our country !
only fools or worse are saying that our money losing post office makes money with amazon they lose a fortune and this will be changed also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the countrynot a level playing field !
so funny to watch fake  news  networks among the most dishonest groups of people i have ever dealt with criticize sinclair broadcasting for being biased sinclair is far superior to cnn and even more fake nbc which is a total joke
mexico is making a fortune on naftathey have very strong border laws  ours are pathetic with all of the money they make from the us hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until congress changes our immigration laws !
daca is dead because the democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the daca bandwagon no longer works must build wall and secure our borders with proper border legislation democrats want no borders hence drugs and crime !
congress must immediately pass border legislation use nuclear option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of drugs and people border patrol agents and ice are great but the weak dem laws don’t allow them to do their job act now congress our country is being stolen !
mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “caravans” of people enter their country they must stop them at their northern border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws
these big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of daca they want in on the act !
mexico is doing very little if not nothing at stopping people from flowing into mexico through their southern border and then into the us they laugh at our dumb immigration laws they must stop the big drug and people flows or i will stop their cash cow nafta need wall !
while we are on the subject it is reported that the us post office will lose $150 on average for each package it delivers for amazon that amounts to billions of dollars the failing ny times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned” and that
washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair no more ! it's time to rebuild and we will do it with american workers american grit and american pride ! 
we are going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the great state of ohio a tremendous honor to be here today at a stateoftheart training site where the skills of the american worker are forged and refined ! 
great briefing this afternoon on the start of our southern border wall ! 
release known dangerous criminals into communities across the state all citizens have the right to be protected by federal law and strong borders
received message last night from xi jinping of china that his meeting with kim jong un went very well and that kim looks forward to his meeting with me in the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost !
for years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the korean peninsula was not even a small possibility now there is a good chance that kim jong un will do what is right for his people and for humanity look forward to our meeting !
the second amendment will never be repealed ! as much as democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former supreme court justice stevens no way we need more republicans in 2018 and must always hold the supreme court !
i am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the president's park in april i encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic we will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis ! 
trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the united states fairly in the end all will be happy !
so much fake  news  never been more voluminous or more inaccurate but through it all our country is doing great !
the economy is looking really good it has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers the underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better
 @ howiecarrshow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about he was a great help he is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in nh and beyond he calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times the book is called “what really happened” enjoy !  # maga 
lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed if for no other reason than they can bill more which is unfair to our great country  and i am very happy with my existing team besides there was no collusion with russia except by crooked hillary and the dems !
much can be done with the $16 billion given to building and fixing the border wall it is just a down payment work will start immediately the rest of the money will come  and remember daca the democrats abandoned you but we will not !
our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in france yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss we also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support we are with you  @ emmanuelmacron !
as a matter of national security i've signed the omnibus spending bill i say to congress :  i will never sign another bill like this again to prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again i'm calling on congress to give me a lineitem veto for all govt spending bills ! 
obama administration legalized bump stocks bad idea as i promised today the department of justice will issue the rule banning bump stocks with a mandated comment period we will ban all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns
i am considering a veto of the omnibus spending bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus daca recipients have been totally abandoned by the democrats not even mentioned in bill and the border wall which is desperately needed for our national defense is not fully funded
daca was abandoned by the democrats very unfair to them ! would have been tied to desperately needed wall
as a candidate i pledged that if elected i would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect american workers and defend our national security  today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment 
remember when they were saying during the campaign that donald trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as crooked hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff well not saying that anymore !
crazy joe biden is trying to act like a tough guy actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault he doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way don’t threaten people joe !
democrats refused to take care of daca would have been so easy but they just didn’t care i had to fight for military and start of wall
they can help solve problems with north korea syria ukraine isis iran and even the coming arms race bush tried to get along but didn’t have the “smarts” obama and clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry remember reset peace through strength !
i called president putin of russia to congratulate him on his election victory in past obama called him also the fake  news  media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him they are wrong ! getting along with russia and others is a good thing not a bad thing
“special council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not i was opposed to the selection of mueller to be special council i am still opposed to it i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because
“special council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not i was opposed the the selection of mueller to be special council i still am opposed to it i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because
department of justice should have urged the supreme court to at least hear the drivers license case on illegal immigrants in arizona i agree with  @ loudobbs should have sought review
our nation was founded by farmers our independence was won by farmers and our continent was tamed by farmers our farmers always lead the way  we are proud of them and we are delivering for them !  # nationalagricultureday
the democrats do not want to help daca would be so easy to make a deal !
spent very little time with andrew mccabe but he never took notes when he was with me i don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date same with lying james comey can we call them fake memos ?
the mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime it was based on fraudulent activities and a fake dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc and improperly used in fisa court for surveillance of my campaign witch hunt !
the fake  news  is beside themselves that mccabe was caught called out and fired how many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by crooked h friend terry m who was also under investigation ? how many lies ? how many leaks ? comey knew it all and much more !
andrew mccabe fired a great day for the hard working men and women of the fbi  a great day for democracy sanctimonious james comey was his boss and made mccabe look like a choirboy he knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the fbi !
it would be great for the republican party of nevada and it’s unity if good guy danny tarkanian would run for congress and dean heller who is doing a really good job could run for senate unopposed !
our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the iraqsyria border yesterday their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten
continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at fiu  so tragic many brave first responders rushed in to save lives thank you for your courage praying this evening for all who are affected
we do have a trade deficit with canada as we do with almost all countries some of them massive  pm  justin trudeau of canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that canada has a surplus vs the usnegotiating but they dothey almost all doand that’s how i know !
please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible  @ usnavy 
it was wonderful to be back in missouri where our push for historic tax cuts all began six months ago i promised that we would cut taxes to bring main street roaring back  and that is exactly what is happening ! 
together we are making america great again ! 
today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act we must put the safety of america's children first by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools a tragedy like parkland can't happen ever again !
we cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our country !
perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of us companies been better than they are today !
hundreds of good people including very important ambassadors and judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the democrats in the senate many important positions in government are unfilled because of this obstruction worst in us history !
all across this nation we pray for our country and we thank god for our united states marines ! thank you god bless you and god bless america ! 
it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine corps air station miramar to our great us military straight from the heart of the american people :  we support you we thank you we love you  and we will always have your back ! 
it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine core air station miramar to our great us military straight from the heart of the american people :  we support you we thank you we love you  and we will always have your back ! 
mike pompeo director of the cia will become our new secretary of state he will do a fantastic job ! thank you to rex tillerson for his service ! gina haspel will become the new director of the cia and the first woman so chosen congratulations to all !
the economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better jobs and wages up vote for rick saccone and keep it going !
the pittsburgh post gazette just endorsed rick saccone for congress he will be much better for steel and business very strong on experience and what our country needs lamb will always vote for pelosi and demswill raise taxes weak on crime and border
if schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter almost all school shootings are in gun free zones cowards will only go where there is no deterrent !
on 18 to 21 age limits watching court cases and rulings before acting states are making this decision things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support to put it mildly
secretary of commerce wilbur ross will be speaking with representatives of the european union about eliminating the large tariffs and barriers they use against the usa not fair to our farmers and manufacturers
rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 which is higher than obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low” they know they are lying when they say it turn off the show  fake  news  !
the democrats continue to obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our governmenta record in us history state department ambassadors and many others are being slow walked senate must approve now !
the republicans are 50 in recent congressional races a point which the fake  news  media continuously fails to mention i backed and campaigned for all of the winners they give me credit for one hopefully rick saccone will be another big win on tuesday
have shown conclusively that there was no collusion with russiajust excuse for losing the only collusion was that done by the dnc the democrats and crooked hillary the writer of the story maggie haberman a hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access
the failing new york times purposely wrote a false story stating that i am unhappy with my legal team on the russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out wrong i am very happy with my lawyers john dowd ty cobb and jay sekulow they are doing a great job and
north korea has not conducted a missile test since november 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings i believe they will honor that commitment !
spoke to prime minister abe of japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with north korea also discussing opening up japan to much better trade with the us currently have a massive $100 billion trade deficit not fair or sustainable it will all work out !
chinese president xi jinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea president xi told me he appreciates that the us is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative china continues to be helpful !
congratulations to kristian saucier a man who has served proudly in the navy on your newly found freedom now you can go out and have the life you deserve !
chinese president xi xinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea president xi told me he appreciates that the us is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative china continues to be helpful !
we are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our veterans
the deal with north korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the world time and place to be determined
spoke to  pm   @ turnbullmalcolm of australia he is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of australia !
kim jong un talked about denuclearization with the south korean representatives not just a freeze also no missile testing by north korea during this period of time great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached meeting being planned !
the us is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft we cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years !
china has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a one billion dollar reduction in their massive trade deficit with the united states our relationship with china has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with we must act soon !
will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new chief economic advisor many people wanting the job  will choose wisely !
possible progress being made in talks with north korea for the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned the world is watching and waiting ! may be false hope but the us is ready to go hard in either direction !
federal judge in maryland has just ruled that “president trump has the right to end daca” president obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn’t i am waiting for the dems they are running for the hills !
lowest rated oscars in history problem is we don’t have stars anymore  except your president just kidding of course !
we will see what happens ! 
we are getting it done  jobs and security ! 
total inaction on daca by dems where are you ? a deal can be made !
it’s march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca gave them 6 months they just don’t care where are they ? we are ready to make a deal !
why did the obama administration start an investigation into the trump campaign with zero proof of wrongdoing long before the election in november ? wanted to discredit so crooked h would win unprecedented bigger than watergate ! plus obama did nothing about russian meddling
treat our farmers much better highly restrictive mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the us they have not done what needs to be done millions of people addicted and dying
we are on the losing side of almost all trade deals our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the us for many years our steel and aluminum industries are dead sorry it’s time for a change ! make america great again !
the gridiron dinner last night was great fun i am accomplishing a lot in washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the american people !
if the eu wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on us companies doing business there we will simply apply a tax on their cars which freely pour into the us they make it impossible for our cars and more to sell there big trade imbalance !
the united states has an $800 billion dollar yearly trade deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years they laugh at what fools our leaders have been no more !
mainstream media in us is being mocked all over the world they’ve gone crazy ! 
when a country taxes our products coming in at say 50 and we tax the same product coming into our country at zero not fair or smart we will soon be starting reciprocal taxes so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us $800 billion trade deficithave no choice !
we must protect our country and our workers our steel industry is in bad shape if you don’t have steel you don’t have a country !
eric we are all with you and your family ! look forward to seeing you back on tv 
alec baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on snl now says playing me was agony alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch bring back darrell hammond funnier and a far greater talent !
when a country usa is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don’t trade anymorewe win big it’s easy !
alex baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on snl now says playing djt was agony for him alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch you were terrible bring back darrell hammond much funnier and a far greater talent !
good great meeting in the oval office tonight with the nra !
together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need working together we will defeat this  # opioidepidemicfull opioid summit :  
our steel and aluminum industries and many others have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world we must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer we want free fair and smart trade !
it was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of congress for a discussion on safe schools and safe communities as we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action full meeting :  
today we honor billy graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored we say a prayer for our country :  that all across this land the lord will raise up men and women like billy graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of god 
today in the center of this great chamber lies billy graham – an ambassador for christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of god’s grace 
i have decided that sections of the wall that california wants built now will not be built until the whole wall is approved big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed our country must have border security !
big legal win today us judge sided with the trump administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great border wall on the southern border now this important project can go forward !
such a beautiful map thank you ! 
 @ senatorwicker of mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive tax cut bill done and approved also big help on cutting regs i am with him in his reelection all the way !
“we’ve seen no evidence of collusioni have seen nothing the firing of james comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the president has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the president of the us i just don’t see it”  judge ken starr
“russians had no compromising information on donald trump”  @ fox news   of course not because there is none and never was this whole witch hunt is an illegal disgraceand obama did nothing about russia !
the democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal bust just confirms all of the terrible things that were done so illegal !
unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973 much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing regulations !
democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great state of pennsylvania  @ fox news  this is very unfair to republicans and to our country as a whole must be appealed to the united states supreme court asap !
so true wayne and lowest black unemployment in history ! 
thank you to the great men and women of the united states  @ secretservice for a job well done !
our nation’s motto is in god we trust this week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean we will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of billy graham !  # cpac2018 
we salute our great american flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance and we all proudly stand for the national anthem  # cpac2018 
after years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation  and we are restoring our confidence and our pride !  # cpac2018 
for those of you who are still interested the democrats have totally forgotten about daca not a lot of interest on this subject from them !
my daughter ivanka just arrived in south korea we cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country
ms13 gang members are being removed by our great ice and border patrol agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from el salvador and through mexico like water el salvador just takes our money and mexico must help more with this problem we need the wall !
today it was my great honor to host a school safety roundtable at the  @ whitehouse with state and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officialsthere is nothing more important than protecting our children they deserve to be safe and we will deliver ! 
will be meeting with lawmakers today at 11 : 30 am to discuss school safety  next week it will be with our nation’s governors it’s been many years of all talk no action we’ll get it done !
what many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that wayne chris and the folks who work so hard at the  @ nra are great people and great american patriots they love our country and will do the right thing      make america great again !
i will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health raise age to 21 and end sale of bump stocks ! congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue  i hope !
immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this far more assets at much less cost than guards a “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people attacks would end !
i will always remember the time i spent today with courageous students teachers and families so much love in the midst of so much pain we must not let them down we must keep our children safe ! !full listening session :  
 @ flotus melania and i join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of billy graham our prayers are with his children grandchildren greatgrandchildren and all who worked closely with reverend graham in his lifelong ministry 
yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary law enforcement officers and first responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the medal of valor  # americanheroes 
the great billy graham is dead there was nobody like him ! he will be missed by christians and all religions a very special man
so true thank you ! 
main street is booming thanks to our incredible tax cut and reform law this shows smallbusiness owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses 
a woman i don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the front page of the fake  news  washington post saying i kissed her for two minutes yet in the lobby of trump tower 12 years ago never happened ! who would do this in a public space with live security
i have been much tougher on russia than obama just look at the facts total fake  news  !
matt schlapp and cpac are getting ready for another exciting event big difference from those days when president obama held the white house you’ve come a long way matt !
republicans are now leading the generic poll perhaps because of the popular tax cuts which the dems want to take away actually they want to raise you taxes substantially also they want to do nothing on daca r’s want to fix !
the president obama quote just before election that’s because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat” when i easily won the electoral college the whole game changed and the russian excuse became the narrative of the dems
“there is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig america’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so i’d invite mr trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes” 
thank you to  @ foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the obama administration had against russia including crimea syria and so much more we are now starting to win again !
 @ mittromney has announced he is running for the senate from the wonderful state of utah he will make a great senator and worthy successor to  @ orrinhatch and has my full support and endorsement !
obama was president up to and beyond the 2016 election so why didn’t he do something about russian meddling ?
just watched a very insecure oprah winfrey who at one point i knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 minutes the questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect hope oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others !
my great friends from nascar are having their big race today the daytona 500 brian france and the france family are special people enjoy the race !
great pollster john mclaughlin now has the gop up in the generic congressional ballot big gain over last 4 weeks i guess people are loving the big tax cuts given them by the republicans the cuts the dems want to take away we need more republicans !
if it was the goal of russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the us then with all of the committee hearings investigations and party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams they are laughing their asses off in moscow get smart america !
now that adam schiff is starting to blame president obama for russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the democrats lead by their fearless leader crooked hillary clinton lost the 2016 election but wasn’t i a great candidate ?
i never said russia did not meddle in the election i said “it may be russia or china or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer” the russian “hoax” was that the trump campaign colluded with russia  it never did !
finally liddle’ adam schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the obama administration for russian meddling in the 2016 election he is finally right about something obama was president knew of the threat and did nothing thank you adam !
never gotten over the fact that obama was able to send $17 billion dollars in cash to iran and nobody in congress the fbi or justice called for an investigation !
general mcmaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the russians and that the only collusion was between russia and crooked h the dnc and the dems remember the dirty dossier uranium speeches emails and the podesta company !
very sad that the fbi missed all of the many signals sent out by the florida school shooter this is not acceptable they are spending too much time trying to prove russian collusion with the trump campaign  there is no collusion get back to the basics and make us all proud !
“i have seen all of the russian ads and i can say very definitively that swaying the election was not the main goal”rob goldmanvice president of facebook ads 
funny how the fake  news  media doesn’t want to say that the russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for president maybe they knew i was going to run even though i didn’t know !
melania and i met such incredible people last night in broward county florida will never forget them or the evening !
russia started their antius campaign in 2014 long before i announced that i would run for president the results of the election were not impacted the trump campaign did nothing wrong  no collusion !
i will be leaving for florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth  but people whose lives have been totally shattered am also working with congress on many fronts
lottery continues deadly catchandrelease and bars enforcement even for future illegal immigrants voting for this amendment would be a vote against law enforcement and a vote for open borders if dems are actually serious about daca they should support the grassley bill !
in times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country these bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil  and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need 
while the republicans and democrats in congress are working hard to come up with a solution to daca they should be strongly considering a system of merit based immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the usa !
so many signs that the florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem must always report such instances to authorities again and again !
just spoke to governor rick scott we are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible florida school shooting
my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting no child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an american school
today i was honored to be joined by republicans and democrats from both the house and senate as well as members of my cabinet  to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore america’s depleted infrastructure 
as we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of africanamericans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all proclamation :  
negotiations on daca have begun republicans want to make a deal and democrats say they want to make a deal wouldn’t it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the daca puzzle this will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity ! march 5th
our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the democrats after many years we have taken care of our military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more bipartisan make deal dems ?
thank you to sue kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son nick to the opioid scourge for your kind words while on  @ foxandfriends we are fighting this terrible epidemic hard  nick will not have died in vain !
this will be a big week for infrastructure after so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the middle east it is now time to start investing in our country !
just spoke to  @ johnkasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from  @ westervillepd this is a true tragedy !
so many positive things going on for the usa and the fake  news  media just doesn’t want to go there same negative stories over and over again ! no wonder the people no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history # maga
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the  @ westervillepd 
republicans want to fix daca far more than the democrats do the dems had all three branches of government back in 20082011 and they decided not to do anything about daca they only want to use it as a campaign issue vote republican !
“my view is that not only has trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the dossier and the lies about the clinton/dnc dossier it shows that he’s been victimized he’s been victimized by the obama administration who were using all sorts of
peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation some are true and some are false some are old and some are new there is no recovery for someone falsely accused  life and career are gone is there no such thing any longer as due process ?
the democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods and more would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the white house for lack of transparency told them to redo and send back in proper form !
costs on nonmilitary lines will never come down if we do not elect more republicans in the 2018 election and beyond this bill is a big victory for our military but much waste in order to get dem votes fortunately daca not included in this bill negotiations to start now !
without more republicans in congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our military sadly we needed some dem votes for passage must elect more republicans in 2018 election !
just signed bill our military will now be stronger than ever before we love and need our military and gave them everything — and more first time this has happened in a long time also means jobs jobs jobs !
time to end the visa lottery congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans 
as long as we open our eyes to god’s grace  and open our hearts to god’s love  then america will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations  # nationalprayerbreakfast 
will be heading over shortly to make remarks at the national prayer breakfast in washington great religious and political leaders and many friends including tv producer mark burnett of our wonderful 14 season apprentice triumph will be there looking forward to seeing all !
the budget agreement today is so important for our great military it ends the dangerous sequester and gives secretary mattis what he needs to keep america great republicans and democrats must support our troops and support this bill !
congratulations to the republic of korea on what will be a magnificent winter olympics ! what the south korean people have built is truly an inspiration ! 
best wishes to the republic of korea on hosting the  @ olympics ! what a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly great nation ! 
in the “old days” when good  news  was reported the stock market would go up today when good  news  is reported the stock market goes down big mistake and we have so much good great  news  about the economy !
today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of ms13 and the reforms we need from congress to defeat it watch here :  
my prayers and best wishes are with the family of edwin jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken  @ colts
so disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed  @ colts linebacker edwin jackson this is just one of many such preventable tragedies we must get the dems to get tough on the border and with illegal immigration fast !
thanks to the historic tax cuts that i signed into law your paychecks are going way up your taxes are going way down and america is once again open for business ! 
representative devin nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a great american hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure !
any deal on daca that does not include strong border security and the desperately needed wall is a total waste of time march 5th is rapidly approaching and the dems seem not to care about daca make a deal !
the democrats are pushing for universal healthcare while thousands of people are marching in the uk because their u system is going broke and not working dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and nonpersonal medical care no thanks !
my thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in south carolina thank you to our incredible first responders for the work they’ve done !
a tool of antitrump political actors this is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the fbi to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the lawthe fbi wasn’t straight with congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators” wall street journal
great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages and nobody even talks about them only russia russia russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is no collusion !
this memo totally vindicates “trump” in probe but the russian witch hunt goes on and on their was no collusion and there was no obstruction the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding nothing collusion is dead this is an american disgrace !
rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49 a far better number than i had in winning the election and higher than certain “sacred cows” other trump polls are way up also so why does the media refuse to write this ? oh well someday !
the democrats just aren’t calling about daca nancy pelosi and chuck schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll disappoint you again we have a great chance to make a deal or blame the dems ! march 5th is coming up fast
thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the state of the union speech 456 million people watched the highest number in history  @ fox news  beat every other network for the first time ever with 117 million people tuning in delivered from the heart !
march 5th is rapidly approaching and the democrats are doing nothing about daca they resist blame complain and obstruct  and do nothing start pushing nancy pelosi and the dems to work out a daca fix now !
heading to beautiful west virginia to be with great members of the republican party will be planning infrastructure and discussing immigration and daca not easy when we have no support from the democrats not one dem voted for our tax cut bill ! need more republicans in ‘18
our economy is better than it has been in many decades businesses are coming back to america like never before chrysler as an example is leaving mexico and coming back to the usa unemployment is nearing record lows we are on the right track !
somebody please inform jayz that because of my policies black unemployment has just been reported to be at the lowest rate ever recorded !
taliban targeted innocent afghans brave police in kabul today our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders we will not allow the taliban to win !
on holocaust remembrance day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil nazi genocide we pledge with all of our might and resolve :  never again ! 
daca has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that cryin’ chuck schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration !
heading back from a very exciting two days in davos switzerland speech on america’s economic revival was well received many of the people i met will be investing in the usa !  # maga
today americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of  @ nasa who lost their lives in our nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential 
will soon be heading to davos switzerland to tell the world how great america is and is doing our economy is now booming and with all i am doing will only get betterour country is finally winning again !
it was my great honor to welcome mayor’s from across america to the wh my administration will always support local government  and listen to the leaders who know their communities best together we will usher in a bold new era of peace and prosperity ! 
earlier today i spoke with  @ govmattbevin of kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at marshall county high school my thoughts and prayers are with bailey holt preston cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery we are with you !
tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in america there has never been anything like it now disney jp morgan chase and many others massive regulation reduction and tax cuts are making us a powerhouse again long way to go ! jobs jobs jobs !
cryin’ chuck schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no wall there is no daca we must have safety and security together with a strong military for our great people !
thank you to general john kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the staff and others in the white house for a job well done long hours and fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to win and few have won more than us !
in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi now says it is missing five months worth of lovers strzokpage texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time wow !
in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi says it is now missing five months worth of lovers strzok  page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time wow !
big win for republicans as democrats cave on shutdown now i want a big win for everyone including republicans democrats and daca but especially for our great military and border security should be able to get there see you at the negotiating table !
democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base they don’t want to do it but are powerless !
the democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for noncitizens not good !
great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to 51 nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no cr’s !
the trump administration has terminated more unnecessary regulation in just twelve months than any other administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length the good  news  is there is much more to come !
beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all women to march get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months lowest female unemployment in 18 years !
democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration can’t let that happen !
this is the one year anniversary of my presidency and the democrats wanted to give me a nice present  # democratshutdown
democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dangerous southern border they could have easily made a deal but decided to play shutdown politics instead  # weneedmorerepublicansin18 in order to power through mess !
just signed 702 bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection this is not the same fisa law that was so wrongly abused during the election i will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the american people first !
government funding bill past last night in the house of representatives now democrats are needed if it is to pass in the senate  but they want illegal immigration and weak borders shutdown coming ? we need more republican victories in 2018 !
house of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight so important for our country  our military needs it !
america will once again be a nation that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars you are the ones who will shape america’s destiny you are the ones who will restore our prosperity and you are the ones who are making america great again !  # maga 
departing pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that america is back  and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before ! 
a government shutdown will be devastating to our militarysomething the dems care very little about !
chip should be part of a long term solution not a 30 day or short term extension !
we need the wall for the safety and security of our country we need the wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world if there is no wall there is no deal !
will be going to pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to rick saccone running for congress in a special election march 13 rick is a great guy we need more republicans to continue our already successful agenda !
the wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the us the $20 billion dollar wall is “peanuts” compared to what mexico makes from the us nafta is a bad joke !
the wall is the wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day i conceived of it parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water
isis is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more ! together there is nothing we can’t overcomeeven a very biased media we are making america great again !
despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters i respect and lots of good  news  for the american people to be proud of !
and the fake  news  winners are
during the campaign i promised to make america great again by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country i am very proud to see companies like chrysler moving operations from mexico to michigan where there are so many great american workers ! 
i promised that my policies would allow companies like apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the united states great to see apple follow through as a result of tax cuts huge win for american workers and the usa ! 
we need to keep america safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is meritbased 
unemployment for black americans is the lowest ever recorded trump approval ratings with black americans has doubled thank you and it will get even much better !  @ fox news 
do you notice the fake  news  mainstream media never likes covering the great and record setting economic  news  but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative the russian collusion hoax is dead except as it pertains to the dems public gets it !
the democrats want to shut down the government over amnesty for all and border security the biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding military at a time we need it more than ever we need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now ! no more dangerous lottery
we must have security at our very dangerous southern border and we must have a great wall to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country !
statement by me last night in florida :  “honestly i don’t think the democrats want to make a deal they talk about daca but they don’t want to helpwe are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to they don’t want security at the border they don’t want
i as president want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on merit no more lotteries !  # america first
daca is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our military
and they knew exactly what i said and meant they just wanted a story fake  news  !
so much fake  news  is being reported they don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong they promote the fake book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information the mainstream media is crazed that we won the election !
i don’t believe the democrats really want to see a deal on daca they are all talk and no action this is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have too bad !
yesterday was another big day for jobs and the stock market chrysler coming back to us michigan from mexico and many more companies paying out tax cut money to employees if dems won in november market would have tanked ! it was headed for disaster
the democrats are all talk and no action they are doing nothing to fix daca great opportunity missed too bad !
yesterday was a big day for the stock market jobs are coming back to america chrysler is coming back to the usa from mexico and many others will follow tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing american business is hot again !
never said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country never said “take them out” made up by dems i have a wonderful relationship with haitians probably should record future meetings  unfortunately no trust !
sadly democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for daca take care of our military and our country first !
the language used by me at the daca meeting was tough but this was not the language used what was really tough was the outlandish proposal made  a big setback for daca !
because of the democrats not being interested in life and safety daca has now taken a big step backwards the dems will threaten “shutdown” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most get smart make america great again !
countries which are doing badly i want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level i want safety and security for our people i want to stop the massive inflow of drugs i want to fund our military not do a dem defund
reason i canceled my trip to london is that i am not a big fan of the obama administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in london for “peanuts” only to build a new one in an off location for 12 billion dollars bad deal wanted me to cut ribbonno !
democrat dianne feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal she blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold  a first !
chrysler is moving a massive plant from mexico to michigan reversing a years long opposite trend thank you chrysler a very wise decision the voters in michigan are very happy they voted for trump/pence plenty of more to follow !
small business poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history all business is just at the beginning of something really special !
yesterday i signed the  # interdictact hr 2142 with bipartisan members of congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the united states ! 
with that being said i have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land we need it ! get smart !
“house votes on controversial fisa act today” this is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the trump campaign by the previous administration and others ?
in new quinnipiac poll 66 of people feel the economy is “excellent or good” that is the highest number ever recorded by this poll
the united states needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval the safety and security of our country is  
i want to thank my  @ cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead together we are delivering results and making america great again ! 
the fact that sneaky dianne feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between trump/russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace must have tough primary !
it just shows everyone how broken and unfair our court system is when the opposing side in a case such as daca always runs to the 9th circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts
as i made very clear today our country needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval
today it was my great honor to sign a new executive order to ensure veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life we must ensure that our heroes are given the care and support they so richly deserve ! 
thanks to all of the republican and democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform there was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security chain migration lottery and daca 
on behalf of the american people thank you to our incredible law enforcement officers as president of the united states  i will fight for you and i will never ever let you down now more than ever we must support the men and women in blue !  # lawenforcementappreciationday 
we are fighting for our farmers for our country and for our great american flag we want our flag respected  and we want our national anthem respected also ! 
we have been working every day to deliver for america’s farmers just as they work every day to deliver for us  # afbf18 
african american unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country the hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history dems did nothing for you but get your vote neverforget   @ foxandfriends
“his is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency so much so that despite my own frustration over his missteps there has never been a day when i wished hillary clinton were president not one indeed as trump’s accomplishments accumulate the mere thought of
the stock market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only record setting stock prices but present and future jobs jobs jobs seven trillion dollars of value created since our big election win !
i’ve had to put up with the fake  news  from the first day i announced that i would be running for president now i have to put up with a fake book written by a totally discredited author ronald reagan had the same problem and handled it well so will i !
to president of the united states on my first try i think that would qualify as not smart but geniusand a very stable genius at that !
actually throughout my life my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being like really smart crooked hillary clinton also played these cards very hard and as everyone knows went down in flames i went from very successful businessman to top tv star
now that russian collusion after one year of intense study has proven to be a total hoax on the american public the democrats and their lapdogs the fake  news  mainstream media are taking out the old ronald reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence
brian ross the reporter who made a fraudulent live  news cast about me that drove the stock market down 350 points billions of dollars was suspended for a month but is now back at abc  news  in a lower capacity he is no longer allowed to report on trump should have been fired !
michael wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book he used sloppy steve bannon who cried when he got fired and begged for his job now sloppy steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone too bad ! 
well now that collusion with russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with hillary clinton and the fbi/russia the fake  news  media mainstream and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable they should try winning an election sad !
the fake  news  media barely mentions the fact that the stock market just hit another new record and that business in the us is boomingbut the people know ! can you imagine if “o” was president and had these numbers  would be biggest story on earth ! dow now over 25000
i authorized zero access to white house actually turned him down many times for author of phony book ! i never spoke to him for book full of lies misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and sloppy steve !
so beautifulshow this picture to the nfl players who still kneel ! 
with all of the failed “experts” weighing in does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between north and south korea right now if i wasn’t firm strong and willing to commit our total “might” against the north fools but talks are a good thing !
as americans you need identification sometimes in a very strong and accurate form for almost everything you doexcept when it comes to the most important thing voting for the people that run your country push hard for voter identification !
many mostly democrat states refused to hand over data from the 2016 election to the commission on voter fraud they fought hard that the commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally system is rigged must go to voter id
make america great again !
stock market had another good day but now that the tax cut bill has passed we have tremendous upward potential dow just short of 25000 a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration also unemployment went down to 41 only getting better !
such respect for the people of iran as they try to take back their corrupt government you will see great support from the united states at the appropriate time !
peace treaty with israel we have taken jerusalem the toughest part of the negotiation off the table but israel for that would have had to pay more but with the palestinians no longer willing to talk peace why should we make any of these massive future payments to them ?
it's not only pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing but also many other countries and others as an example we pay the palestinians hundred of millions of dollars a year and get no appreciation or respect they don’t even want to negotiate a long overdue
congratulations to senator orrin hatch on an absolutely incredible career he has been a tremendous supporter and i will never forget the beyond kind statements he has made about me as president he is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the us senate ! 
we will not rest until all of america’s great veterans can receive the care they so richly deserve tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time keep up the great work  @ secshulkin  @ deptvetaffairs ! 
democrats are doing nothing for daca  just interested in politics  daca activists and hispanics will go hard against dems will start “falling in love” with republicans and their president ! we are about results
impartial journalists of a much higher standard lose all of your phony and nonexistent “sources” and treat the president of the united states fairly so that the next time i and the people win you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done ! gl
since taking office i have been very strict on commercial aviation good  news   it was just reported that there were zero deaths in 2017 the best and safest year on record !
sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on north korea soldiers are dangerously fleeing to south korea rocket man now wants to talk to south korea for first time perhaps that is good  news  perhaps not  we will see !
companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the tax cut bill really great !
the people of iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt iranian regime all of the money that president obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets” the people have little food big inflation and no human rights the us is watching !
will be leaving florida for washington dc today at 4 : 00  pm  much work to be done but it will be a great new year !
happy new year ! we are making america great again and much faster than anyone thought possible !
as our country rapidly grows stronger and smarter i want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest fake  news  media a happy and healthy new year 2018 will be a great year for america !
iran the number one state of sponsored terror with numerous violations of human rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate not good !
what a year it’s been and we're just getting started together we are making america great again ! happy new year ! 
if the dems crooked hillary got elected your stocks would be down 50 from values on election day now they have a great future  and just beginning ! 
big protests in iran the people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism looks like they will not take it any longer the usa is watching very closely for human rights violations !
jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the us unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically cut and it will only get better much more to come !
oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the iranian people will face a choice the world is watching ! 
the entire world understands that the good people of iran want change and other than the vast military power of the united states that iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most 
why is the united states post office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making amazon richer and the post office dumber and poorer ? should be charging much more !
in the east it could be the coldest new year’s eve on record perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old global warming that our country but not other countries was going to pay trillions of dollars to protect against bundle up !
together we are making america great again ! 
caught red handed  very disappointed that china is allowing oil to go into north korea there will never be a friendly solution to the north korea problem if this continues to happen !
retail sales are at record numbers we’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt  and you haven’t seen anything yet !
all signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our tax cut bill will be a great year for companies and jobs ! stock market is poised for another year of success !
i hope everyone is having a great christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to make america great again which is happening faster than anyone anticipated !
people are proud to be saying merry christmas again i am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase merry christmas ! !
the tax cut/reform bill including massive alaska drilling and the repeal of the highly unpopular individual mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had don’t let the fake  news  convince you otherwiseand our insider polls are strong !
the fake  news  refuses to talk about how big and how strong our base is they show fake polls just like they report fake  news  despite only negative reporting we are doing well  nobody is going to beat us make america great again !
remember the republicans are 50 in congressional races this year in senate i said roy m would lose in alabama and supported big luther strange  and roy lost virginia candidate was not a “trumper” and he lost  good republican candidates will win big !
the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low so many things accomplished by the trump administration perhaps more than any other president in first year sadly will never be reported correctly by the fake  news  media !
remember the most hated part of obamacare is the individual mandate which is being terminated under our just signed tax cut bill
today it was my great honor to sign the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country full remarks :  
congressman ron desantis is a brilliant young leader yale and then harvard law who would make a great governor of florida he loves our country and is a true fighter !
95 of americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes mostly far less the dems only want to raise your taxes !
at some point and for the good of the country i predict we will start working with the democrats in a bipartisan fashion infrastructure would be a perfect place to start after having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the middle east it is time to start rebuilding our country !
our big and very popular tax cut and reform bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love”  that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses this is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage merry christmas !
thank you to everyone who joined me at the  @ whitehouse yesterday together we are making america great again ! 
house democrats want a shutdown for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed tax cuts house republicans don’t let this happen pass the cr today and keep our government open !
was  @ foxandfriends just named the most influential show in  news  ? you deserve it  three great people ! the many fake  news  hate shows should study your formula for success !
the massive tax cuts which the fake  news  media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves companies are already making big payments to workers dems want to raise taxes hate these big cuts !
we are making america great again ! 
together we are making america great again ! 
the tax cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the fake  news  is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated dems and only demean this is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon jobs jobs jobs !
a  story in the  @ washingtonpost that i was close to “rescinding” the nomination of justice gorsuch prior to confirmation is fake  news  i never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a justice of the us supreme court the unnamed sources don’t exist !
stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the tax cut bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size immediate expensing will have a big impact biggest tax cuts and reform ever passed enjoy and create many beautiful jobs !
dow rises 5000 points on the year for the first time ever  make america great again !
together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate american greatness as a shining example to the world 
with the strategy that i announced today we are declaring that america is in the game and america is determined to win !our four pillars of national security strategy :  
as the world watches we are days away from passing historic tax cuts for american families and businesses it will be the biggest tax cut and tax reform in the history of our country ! 
when the american people speak all of us should listen just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear on november 8 2016 you voted to make america great again ! 
over the past 11 months i have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries i have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere i traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the american people ! 
our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in washington state we are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities 
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in dupont washington thank you to all of our wonderful first responders who are on the scene we are currently monitoring here at the white house
the train accident that just occurred in dupont wa shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly seven trillion dollars spent in the middle east while our roads bridges tunnels railways and more crumble ! not for long !
remember republicans are 50 in congressional races this year the media refuses to mention this i said gillespie and moore would lose for very different reasons and they did i also predicted  “i” would win republicans will do well in 2018 very well !  @ foxandfriends
wonderful weekend at camp david a very special place a lot of very important work done heading back to the  @ whitehouse now 
as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working american families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country now we are just days away 
tax cuts will increase investment in the american economy and in us workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more jobs ! 
congratulations to two great and hardworking guys corey lewandowski and david bossie on the success of their just out book “let trump be trump” finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign !
great job kevin we are all proud of you ! 
you are always there for us – the men and women in bluethank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families god bless you all and god bless america !  # lesm 
it was my honor thank you ! 
in 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the code of federal regulations today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the roosevelt roomtoday we cut the red tape ! it is time to set free our dreams and make america great again ! 
as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working americans if you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant american future shining with patriotism prosperity and pride ! 
republican tax cuts are looking very good all are working hard in the meantime the stock market hit another record high !
thank you omarosa for your service ! i wish you continued success
if last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the house and senate
wow more than 90 of fake  news  media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories hence my use of social media the only way to get the truth out much of mainstream meadia has become a joke !  @ foxandfriends
the reason i originally endorsed luther strange and his numbers went up mightily is that i said roy moore will not be able to win the general election  i was right ! roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him !
congratulations to doug jones on a hard fought victory the writein votes played a very big factor but a win is a win the people of alabama are great and the republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time it never ends !
wishing all of those celebrating  # hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love 
the people of alabama will do the right thing doug jones is proabortion weak on crime military and illegal immigration bad for gun owners and veterans and against the wall jones is a pelosi/schumer puppet roy moore will always vote with us vote roy moore !
despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the democrats have been unable to show any collusion with russia  so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who i don’t know and/or have never met fake  news  !
another false story this time in the failing  @ nytimes that i watch 48 hours of television a day  wrong !  also i seldom if ever watch cnn or msnbc both of which i consider fake  news  i never watch don lemon who i once called the “dumbest man on television !” bad reporting
very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake  news  media they are out of control  correct reporting means nothing to them major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposeda stain on america !
getting closer and closer on the tax cut bill shaping up even better than projected house and senate working very hard and smart end result will be not only important but special !
things are going really well for our economy a subject the fake  news  spends as little time as possible discussing ! stock market hit another record high unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the usa really good  news  and much more to come !
no american should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country our cities should be sanctuaries for americans – not for criminal aliens ! 
 @ daveweigel of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake fraud ? showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed as shown also on tv fake  news  he should be fired
cnn’s slogan is cnn the most trusted name in  news  everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the american public there are many outlets that are far more trusted than fake  news  cnn their slogan should be cnn the least trusted name in  news  !
fake  news  cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday they were caught red handed just like lonely brian ross at abc  news  who should be immediately fired for his “mistake” watch to see if  @ cnn fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence ?
a big contingent of very enthusiastic roy moore fans at the rally last night we can’t have a pelosi/schumer liberal democrat jones in that important alabama senate seat need your vote to make america great again ! jones will always vote against what we must do for our country
great evening last night in pensacola florida arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart they definitely get what’s going on thank you pensacola !
we believe that every american should stand for the national anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation under god ! 
this is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most so speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life !merry christmas and thank you pensacola florida ! 
make america great again ! 
fines and penalties against wells fargo bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased i will cut regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating !
big crowd expected today in pensacola florida for a make america great again speech we have done so much in so short a period of timeand yet are planning to do so much more ! see you there !
today as we remember pearl harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941 they are heroes and they are living witnesses to american history all american hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice 
today our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harbor—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for america god bless our heroes who wear the uniform and god bless the united states of america  # pearlharborremembranceday ? 
i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel i am also directing the state department to begin preparation to move the american embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem 
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of california’s wildfires i encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials thank you to all first responders for your incredible work ! 
make america great again !
a must watch :  legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on  @ foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest witch hunt in us political history enjoy !
with the great vote on cutting taxes this could be a big day for the stock market  and you !
people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of  @ abc  news  he has been suspended should consider hiring a lawyer and suing abc for the damages this bad reporting has caused  many millions of dollars !
after years of comey with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation and more running the fbi its reputation is in tatters  worst in history ! but fear not we will bring it back to greatness
many people in our country are asking what the “justice” department is going to do about the fact that totally crooked hillary after receiving a subpoena from the united states congress deleted and “acid washed” 33000 emails ? no justice !
so general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed while crooked hillary clinton on that now famous fbi holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many timesand nothing happens to her ? rigged system or just a double standard ?
i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi he has pled guilty to those lies it is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful there was nothing to hide !
biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate now these great republicans will be going for final passage thank you to house and senate republicans for your hard work and commitment !
the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon  fake  news  ! he’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects i call the final shots we work well together and america is highly respected again !
republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country the bill is getting better and better this is a once in a generation chance obstructionist dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit !
the jury was not told the killer of kate was a 7 time felon the schumer/pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 elections
the kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court his exoneration is a complete travesty of justice build the wall !
a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case ! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration
the christmas story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of god’s love for all of humanitywhatever our beliefs we know that the birth of jesus christ and the story of his life 
today is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long it is one that you have heard me speak about many times before now as president of the united states it is my tremendous honor to finally wish america and the world a very merry christmas ! 
the dow just broke 24000 for the first time another alltime record if the dems had won the presidential election the market would be down 50 from these levels and consumer confidence which is also at an alltime high would be “low and glum !”
the chinese envoy who just returned from north korea seems to have had no impact on little rocket man hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions russia and china condemned the launch
the failing  @ nytimes the pipe organ for the democrat party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive tax cut bill they are wrong so often that now i know we have a winner !
funny to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only 8 years !
the only people who don’t like the tax cut bill are the people that don’t understand it or the obstructionist democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the republicans !
a vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first it is time to take care of our workers to protect our communities and to rebuild our great country ! 
looks like another great day for the stock market consumer confidence is at record high i guess somebody likes me my policies !
great and we should boycott fake  news  cnn dealing with them is a total waste of time ! 
 @ foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy ! 
great day for tax cuts and the republican party but the biggest winner will be our great country !
meeting with “chuck and nancy” today about keeping government open and working problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked are weak on crime and want to substantially raise taxes i don’t see a deal !
melania our great and very hard working first lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you run you will win” she would tell everyone that “no doubt he will win” i also felt i would win or i would not have run  and country is doing great !
at least 24 players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up the american public is fed up with the disrespect the nfl is paying to our country our flag and our national anthem weak and out of control !
new home sales reach a 10 year high stock market has more record gains hopefully republican senators will give us the much needed tax cuts to keep it all going ! democrats want big tax increases
the tax cut bill is coming along very well great support with just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well !
the good  news  is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares ! 
we should have a contest as to which of the networks plus cnn and not including fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite president me they are all bad winner to receive the fake  news  trophy !
back in dc big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country  senate republicans will hopefully come through for all of us the tax cut bill is getting better and better the end result will be great for all !
since the first day i took office all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election russia russiarussia  despite this i have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month president make america great again !
the last thing we need in alabama and the us senate is a schumer/pelosi puppet who is weak on crime weak on the border bad for our military and our great vets bad for our 2nd amendment and wants to raises taxes to the sky jones would be a disaster !
wow even i didn’t realize we did so much wish the fake  news  would report ! thank you 
 @ fox news  is much more important in the united states than cnn but outside of the us cnn international is still a major source of fake  news  and they represent our nation to the world very poorly the outside world does not see the truth from them !
the consumer financial protection bureau or cfpb has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations pick financial institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public we will bring it back to life !
time magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named “man person of the year” like last year but i would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot i said probably is no good and took a pass thanks anyway !
will be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life we have to get tougher and smarter than ever before and we will need the wall need the ban ! god bless the people of egypt
horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt the world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence !
after turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club jupiter to play golf quickly with tiger woods and dustin johnson then back to maralago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the usa !
will be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i inherited in the middle east i will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars 6 trillion to be there in the first place !
can you believe that the disrespect for our country our flag our anthem continues without penalty to the players the commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league players are the boss ! 
two great people ! 
a great guy with great ratings ! 
make america great again !
happy thanksgiving your country is starting to do really well jobs coming back highest stock market ever military getting really strong we will build the wall va taking care of our vets great supreme court justice record cut in regs lowest unemployment in 17 years !
and it will get even better with tax cuts ! 
i have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine 45 people aboard and not much time left may god be with them and the people of argentina !
will be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida maralago stock market hit new record high yesterday  $55 trillion gain since e many companies coming back to the us military building up and getting very strong
the nfl is now thinking about a new idea  keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season that’s almost as bad as kneeling ! when will the highly paid commissioner finally get tough and smart ? this issue is killing your league !
lavar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during thanksgiving with your son in china but no nba contract to support you but remember lavar shoplifting is not a little thing it’s a really big deal especially in china ungrateful fool !
it wasn’t the white house it wasn’t the state department it wasn’t father lavar’s socalled people on the ground in china that got his son out of a long term prison sentence  it was me too bad ! lavar is just a poor man’s version of don king but without the hair just think
republican senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the american public !
border patrol officer killed at southern border another badly hurt we will seek out and bring to justice those responsible we will and must build the wall !
biggame trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of elephants or any other animal
shoplifting is a very big deal in china as it should be 510 years in jail but not to father lavar should have gotten his son out during my next trip to china instead china told them why they were released very ungrateful !
now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail lavar ball the father of liangelo is unaccepting of what i did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal i should have left them in jail !
crooked hillary clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time she just can’t stop which is so good for the republican party hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years !
put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts under study for years will update soon with secretary zinke thank you !
if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill !
great numbers on stocks and the economy if we get tax cuts and reform we'll really see some great results !
and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women lesley stahl tape ?
big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform 227205 zero dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military !
congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the  # taxcutsandjobsact — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the american people by the end of the year ! 
need all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that assad regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again
your release possible and have a great life ! be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life !
to the three ucla basketball players i say :   you're welcome go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made
big vote tomorrow in the house tax cuts are getting close !
why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs ? the reason :  obstruction and delay !
it is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the failing  @ nytimes is when it comes to foreign policyweak and ineffective !
they should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing the us is being respected again watch trade !
the failing  @ nytimes hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping president of china
do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump ? they were headed for 10 years in jail !
thank you working hard ! 
while in the philippines i was forced to watch  @ cnn which i have not done in months and again realized how bad and fake it is loser !
our great country is respected again in asia you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come !
just returned from asia after 12 very successful days great to be home !
may god be with the people of sutherland springs texas the fbi and law enforcement has arrived
thank you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines keep up the great work ! 
one of the most accurate polls last time around but  # fake news  likes to say we’re in the 30’s they are wrong some people think numbers could be in the 50's together we will make america great again ! 
i will be making a major statement from the  @ whitehouse upon my return to dc time and date to be set
just arrived at  # asean50 in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders will lead to fair trade deals unlike the horror shows from past administrations will then be leaving for dc made many good friends !
after my tour of asia all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed the united states has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion the massive trade deficits must go down quickly !
great to see  @ randpaul looking well and back on the senate floor he will help us with tax cuts and reform !
excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts ! # makeamericagreatagain ?
happy to announce i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices !
great day of bilateral meetings at  # aseansummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country ! 
just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam ! 
just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam !
why would kim jongun insult me by calling me old when i would never call him short and fat ? oh well i try so hard to be his friend  and maybe someday that will happen !
does the fake  news  media remember when crooked hillary clinton as secretary of state was begging russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button ? obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with putin
when will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing there always playing politics  bad for our country i want to solve north korea syria ukraine terrorism and russia can greatly help !
president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against  # noko said he wants them to denuclearize progress is being made
on this wonderful veterans day i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our great veterans thank you ! 
the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security  economic security is national security it is vital to our national strength  # apec2017 
the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security economic security is national security it is vital to our national strength  # apec2017 
the united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine that is the message i am here to deliver today  # apec2017 
today i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america  to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the indopacific and together to promote our prosperity and security  # apec2017 
in more and more places throughout this region citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people  # apec2017 
my meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea he is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people it was great being with him and madame peng liyuan !
i don’t blame china i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the us on trade leading up to a point where the us is losing $100's of billions how can you blame china for taking advantage of people that had no clue ? i would've done same !
in the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united states and china  ? ? 
congratulations to all of the ”deplorables” and the millions of people who gave us a massive 304227 electoral college landslide victory ! 
looking forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow thank you for the beautiful welcome china !  @ flotus melania and i will never forget it ! 
noko has interpreted america's past restraint as weakness this would be a fatal miscalculation do not underestimate us and do not try us 
leaving south korea now heading to china looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi !
together we dream of a korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again ! 
anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the us should look to our pastand you will doubt it no longer 
the us under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equi pm ent anywhere in the world being built right now i want peace through strength ! 
ed gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for don’t forget republicans won 4 out of 4 house seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before !
getting ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea then will be headed to china where i very much look forward to meeting with president xi who is just off his great political victory
is making working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class companies and jobs !
stock market hit yet another alltime record high yesterday there is great confidence in the moves that my administration
thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony it will always be remembered 
it was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible us and rok troops at camp humphreys in south korea  ? ? 
some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years !
i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia they know exactly what they are doing
getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon a fine gentleman we will figure it all out !
the state of virginia economy under democrat rule has been terrible if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back !
americans do what we do best :  we pull together we join hands we lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong 
heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy 
i am landing shortly can’t wait to be with our great military see you soon ! 
would very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange important to the united states !
getting ready to land in hawaii looking so much forward to meeting with our great military/veterans at pearl harbor !
the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military
i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders not crooked h without cheating i was right
based on that the military has hit isis much harder over the last two days they will pay a big price for every attack on us !
isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the west side was their soldier 
people are angry  at some point the justice department and the fbi must do what is right and proper the american public deserves it !
my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee i guess the word must finally be getting outand having an impact
great tax cut rollout today the lobbyists are storming capital hill but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america !
today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the  @ federalreserve 
congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based ! we need to make america safe !  # usa ? 
there is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed should move fast death penalty !
would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal system
great mtg w/  @ cabinet today tomorrow i will be announcing the new head of the fed i think you will be extremely impressed by this person ! 
it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners ! 
just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack god be with them !
chain migration must end now ! some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil not acceptable ! 
thank you to the great nypd first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side attack so professionally ! 
we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones 
for the middle class the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along push biggest tax cuts ever
wouldn't it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts
the terrorist came into our country through what is called the diversity visa lottery program a chuck schumer beauty i want merit based
i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program being politically correct is fine but not for this !
the republican house members are working hard and late toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve these will be biggest ever !
my thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack god and your country are with you !
we must not allow isis to return or enter our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere enough !
in nyc looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person law enforcement is following this closely not in the usa !
earth shattering he and his brother could drain the swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled fake  news  weak !
the biggest story yesterday the one that has the dems in a dither is podesta running from his firm what he know about crooked dems is
i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business jobs and the middle class in addition to democrat corruption !
came to the campaign few people knew the young low level volunteer named george who has already proven to be a liar check the dems !
the fake  news  is working overtime as paul manaforts lawyer said there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he
are now fighting back like never before there is so much guilt by democrats/clinton and now the facts are pouring out do something !
collusion which doesn't exist the dems are using this terrible and bad for our country witch hunt for evil politics but the r's
while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close sad !
happy  # firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there we are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365 ! 
in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest
addresses of any mentioned person who is still living i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and
after strict consultation with general kelly the cia and other agencies i will be releasing all  # jfkfiles other than the names and
just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press fake  news  thank you mr president !
people are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be ? ?
we are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love 
it is now commonly agreed after many months of costly looking that there was no collusion between russia and trump was collusion with hc !
happy birthday to the great  @ theleegreenwood you and your beautiful song have made such a difference make america great again !
jfk files are being carefully released in the end there will be great transparency it is my hope to get just about everything to public !
happy birthday to the great  @ leegreenwood83 you and your beautiful song have made such a difference make america great again !
good luck to  @ joyvilla on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics she has many fans !
do not underestimate the unity within the republican party !
ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia his opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be very weak on crime !
ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy  # 's around and fast strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage !
will be another sean success ! 
this will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country  and we need it !  # taxreform read more :  
the long anticipated release of the  # jfkfiles will take place tomorrow so interesting !
make america great again ! 
jeff flake with an 18 approval rating in arizona said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out really they just gave me a standing o !
so nice being with republican senators today multiple standing ovations ! most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for us
the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us people like liddle' bob corker have set the us way back now we move forward !
corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything trump look at his record !
we will never forget the 241 american service members killed by hizballah in beirut they died in service to our nation 
i had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt la david johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation !
there will be no change to your 401k this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays !
i agree getting tax cuts approved  is important we will also get healthcare but perhaps no administration has done more in its first
crooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did facebook was on her side not mine !
people get what is going on ! 
subject to the receipt of further information i will be allowing as president the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened
i hope the fake  news  media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she as a representative is killing the democrat party !
budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in us history  msm barely covered !
this is a onceinageneration opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people ! join me today :  
this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts and reform which will be the biggest in the history of our country !
the fake  news  is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilsond who was secretly on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content !
workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th who paid for it russia the fbi or the dems or all ?
uranium deal to russia with clinton help and obama administration knowledge is the biggest story that fake media doesn't want to follow !
republicans are going for the big budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts i think we have the votes but who knows ?
this is what real pride in our country is all about !  # usa ? 
 @ nfl :  too much talk not enough action stand for the national anthem
our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california god bless our brave first responders and  @ fema team we support you ! 
democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and i have proof sad !
the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem total disrespect for our great country !
as it has turned out james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton he was the best thing that ever happened to her !
the democrats will only vote for tax increases hopefully all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in us history
the most important truth our founders understood was :  freedom is not a gift from govt freedom is a gift from god  ? ?
any increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working
always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenvillespartanburg int'l airport ! 
i was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in 2020 ? my answer was i hope so !
dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama but now that i am involved he is ok with it tell that to israel chuck !
the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct that's all they are good at !
art laffer just said that he doesn't know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves fox news 
the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party republican ed gillespie will never let you down !
very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare millions of people benefit !
health insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall !
such a wonderful statement from the great  @ loudobbs we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history
many people talking with much agreement on my iran speech today participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran !
starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts
today i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon 
the wonderful people of puerto rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the h's i will always be with them !
hard to believe that the democrats who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for sanctuary crime
obamacare is a broken mess piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves !
sadly they and others are fake  news  and the public is just beginning to figure it out ! 
it is time to take care of our country to rebuild our communities and to protect our great american workers !  # taxreform 
people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting fake news   @ nbc news  is viewers beware may be worse than even  @ cnn !
the time has come to take action to improve access increase choices and lower costs for healthcare !  ? ?
the fake  news  is going all out in order to demean and denigrate ! such hatred !
accountability say the governor electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes congress to decide how much to spend
in even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love  # usa ? 
network  news  has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked not fair to public !
with all of the fake  news  coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license ? bad for country !
it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthemrespect our country
it would be really nice if the fake  news  media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the electionneed tax cuts
if congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform i am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds  # maga
fired this story is totally made up by the dishonest mediathe chief is doing a fantastic job for me and more importantly for the usa !
the fake  news  is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know general john kelly by saying he will soon be
with jemele hill at the mike it is no wonder espn ratings have tanked in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry !
since congress can't get its act together on healthcare i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people  fast
the problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for usa
why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem flag and country ? change tax law !
we have just begun ! 
a big salute to jerry jones owner of the dallas cowboys who will bench players who disrespect our flagstand for anthem or sit for game !
the trip by  @ vp pence was long planned he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country !
nobody could have done what i’ve done for  # puertorico with so little appreciation so much work ! 
fema and first responders are working hard yet again on hurricane nate military helping very much under control !
hence i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda didn't have the guts to run !
my endorsement he also wanted to be secretary of state i said no thanks he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal !
senator bob corker begged me to endorse him for reelection in tennessee i said no and he dropped out said he could not win without
leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina big progress being made on many fronts !
thanks for your support ! 
presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid
 @ nbc news  is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting the good  news  is that the people get it which is really all that matters ! not  # 1
i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill obamacare is badly broken big premiums who knows !
more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on tv when you look at the onesided coverage ?
contributions the rnc is taking in far more $'s than the dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors i am working hard for them !
why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake  news  networks in our country to see why so much of our  news  is just made upfake !
so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who i will never forget !
on behalf of a grateful nation thank you to all of the first responders heroes who saved countless lives in las vegas on sunday night 
nbc  news  is  # fake news  and more dishonest than even cnn they are a disgrace to good reporting no wonder their  news  ratings are way down !
wow so many fake  news  stories today no matter what i do or say they will not write or speak truth the fake  news  media is out of control !
a great day in puerto rico yesterday while some of the  news  coverage is fake most showed great warmth and friendship
it is a miracle how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing !
leaving puerto rico now for dc will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects everyone is in my thoughts and prayers 
i am so proud of our great country god bless america !
my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting god bless you !
save your energy rex we'll do what has to be done !
i told rex tillerson our wonderful secretary of state that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man
for safety thank you to the governor of pr and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders fantastic job !
people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military all buildings now inspected
we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico outside of the fake  news  or politically motivated ingrates
in analyzing the alabama primary race fake  news  always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after election !
because of  # fake news  my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job as seen here they are all doing a great job ! 
very important that nfl players stand tomorrow and always for the playing of our national anthem respect our flag and our country !
results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor doing everything we can to help great people of pr !
we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster
my administration governor  @ ricardorossello and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way
congresswoman jennifer gonzalezcolon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people thank you !
the governor of puerto rico ricardo rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard thank you ricky !
despite the fake  news  media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico great people !
the fake  news  networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r's shame !
i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania will hopefully be able to stop at the us virgin islands people working hard
fake  news  cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to get trump not fair to fr or effort !
want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort 10000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job
such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan and others in puerto rico who are not able to get their workers to help they
the mayor of san juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump
my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur the holiest day of the jewish year 
this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future 
the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding !
gdp was revised upward to 31 for last quarter many people thought it would be years before that happened we have just begun !
really hard to help but many have lost their homes military is now on site and i will be there tuesday wish press would treat fairly !
the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot large numbers of generators are now on island food and water on site
democrats don't want massive tax cuts  how does that win elections ? great reviews for tax cut and reform bill
it is time to take care of our people to rebuild our nation and to fight for our great american workers !  # taxreform  # usa ? 
just arrived in indianapolis indiana to make an announcement on  # taxreform ! together we are going to make america great again ! 
we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday after which we need 60 get rid of filibuster rule !
spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done players will stand for country !
spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race he will help to  # maga !
even usain bolt from jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed respect for our national anthem !  ? ? 
i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last month  ? ? 
honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today !  # usa ? 
alabama get out and vote for luther strange  he has proven to me that he will never let you down !  # maga
the nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our national anthem !
luther strange has been shooting up in the alabama polls since my endorsement finish the job  vote today for big luther
but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem big progress being madewe all love our country !
but while dallas dropped to it knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem big progress being made  we love our country !
the booing at the nfl football game last night when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest i have ever heard great anger
ratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected !
owed to wall street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with food water and medical are top priorities  and doing well  # fema
it's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated much of the island was destroyed with billions of dollars
general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country !
the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race it is about respect for our country flag and national anthem nfl must respect this !
many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total these are fans who demand respect for our flag !
so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag  they said it loud and clear !
making america safe is my number one priority we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet
sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country nfl should change policy !
courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag  we must honor and respect it !  make america great again !
please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony great team !
great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable bad ratings !
nfl attendance and ratings are way down boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country league should back us
just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at un if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man they won't be around much longer !
roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our countrytell them to stand !
democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a moment of courage tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived 116 increase !
very proud of our incredible first lady  @ flotus she is a truly great representative for our country ! 
our great american flag or country and should stand for the national anthem if not you're fired find something else to do !
if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nflor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect
it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama what great people what a crowd ! vote luther on tuesday
i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party !
thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the us with hurricane flights fantastic job !
will be in alabama tonight luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close he loves alabama and so do i !
the greatest influence over our election was the fake  news  media screaming for crooked hillary clinton next she was a bad candidate !
kim jong un of north korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before !
a big day for the us at the united nations !
senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago now a close runoff he will be great in dc
senator doctor bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their healthcare he doesn't liejust wants to help people !
on behalf of all americans i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year 
it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning we had a great bilateral meeting ? ? ? 
rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare grahamcassidy bill is great ! ends ocare !
the world is noticing thanks ! 
big meetings today at the united nations so many interesting leaders america first will make america great again !
i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night  the worst ever smartest people of them all are the deplorables
so nice thank you ! 
a great and important day at the united nationsmet with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what i stated in my speech !
puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane be careful our hearts are with you will be there to help !
it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations # usaatunga ? # unga
god bless the people of mexico city we are with you and will be there for you
big day at the united nations  many good things and some tricky ones happening we have a great team big speech at 10 : 00 am
we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon ! 
looking forward to meeting with prime minister  @ netanyahu shortly peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people !
important meetings and calls scheduled for today military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it  # maga
i spoke with president moon of south korea last night asked him how rocket man is doing long gas lines forming in north korea too bad !
attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help
i will be in huntsville alabama on saturday night to support luther strange for senate big luther is a great guy who gets things done !
attorney general bill shuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help !
a great deal of good things happening for our country jobs and stock market at all time highs and i believe will be getting even better !
we will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of lifecont :  
never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their countryproclamation :  
chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration !
espn is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming people are dumping it in record numbers apologize for untruth !
the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specificbut stupidly that would not be politically correct !
another attack in london by a loser terroristthese are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard must be proactive !
just left florida for dc the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable damage horrific but will be better than ever !
am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the us coast guard fema etc a real disaster much work to do !
they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own  brought in by parents at young age plus big border security
does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military ? really !
the wall which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built
no deal was made last night on daca massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent would be subject to vote
the deplorables came back to haunt hillarythey expressed their feelings loud and clear she spent big money but in the end had no game !
crooked hillary clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss she lost the debates and lost her direction !
china has a business tax rate of 15 we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy jobs and wages !
with irma and harvey devastation tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before go congress go !
the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought  but amazing people working hard !
the us coast guard fema and all federal and state brave people are ready here comes irma god bless everyone !
this is a storm of enormous destructive power and i ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed all instructions from government officials 
hurricane irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen be safe and get out of its wayif possible federal g is ready !
we will confront any challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water i’m proud to stand with presidents for  # oneamericaappeal
together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace ! 
for all of those daca that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about  no action !
thank you our great honor ! 
hurricane irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help be careful be safe !  # fema
watching hurricane closely my team which has done and is doing such a good job in texas is already in florida no rest for the weary !
will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts we are the highest taxed nation in the world  that will change
congress now has 6 months to legalize daca something the obama administration was unable to do if they can't i will revisit this issue !
congress get ready to do your job  daca !
big week coming up !
the united states is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea
i will be meeting general kelly general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea thank you
south korea is finding as i have told them that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work they only understand one thing !
north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china which is trying to help but with little success
north korea has conducted a major nuclear test their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states
the manufacturing index rose to 59 the highest level since early 2011  and we can do much better !
texas :  we are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild ! 
i will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady great progress being made ! spending weekend working at white house
get things done at a record clip many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks america first !
general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff i could not be happier or more impressed  and this administration continues to
thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas america is with you !  # texasstrong 
will be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform  so badly needed !
after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder why ? all i want to do is  # maga !
the us has been talking to north korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years talking is not the answer !
 @ foxandfriends   we are not looking to fill all of those positions don't need many of them  reduce size of government  @ ingrahamangle
historic rainfall in houston and all over texas floods are unprecedented and more rain coming spirit of the people is incrediblethanks !
with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world we must have the wall mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other
wow  now experts are calling  # harvey a once in 500 year flood ! we have an all out effort going and going well !
i will also be going to a wonderful state missouri that i won by a lot in '16 dem cm is opposed to big tax cuts republican will win s !
i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption the focus must be life and safety
many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen good  news  is that we have great talent on the ground
great coordination between agencies at all levels of government continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with thousands rescued
thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with  # hurricaneharvey relief in texas ! 
 @ chuckgrassley  got your message loud and clear we have fantastic people on the ground got there long before  # harvey so far so good !
you are doing a great job  the world is watching ! be safe 
at the request of the governor of texas i have signed the disaster proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help !
storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected federal government is on site and ready to respond be safe !
strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18 tennessee not happy !
general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff there is tremendous spirit and talent in the wh don't believe the fake  news 
a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the  @ usmc air station yuma thank you for your service to the united states of america ! 
james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump will he show you his beautiful letter to me ?
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion  va respectful and strong too bad the dems have no one who can change tones !
james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump will he show you his beautiful letter to me ?
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion  va respectful and strong to bad the dems have no one who can change tones !
the fake  news  is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches well there was afghanistan somber the big rally
the fake  news  is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches well their was afghanistan somber the big rally
didn't do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up as usual on debt ceiling approval could have been so easynow a mess !
as long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer !  # alconv2017 
last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake  news  media didn't cover fairly people got it !
make america great again ! 
not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets ! 
was with great people last night in fort myer virginia the future of our country is strong !
thank you to the men and women of fort myer and every member of the us military at home and abroad  # usa ? 
thank you the very dishonest fake  news  media is out of control ! 
heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake  news  reporting i have ever seen !
i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate our country will soon come together as one !
looks like many antipolice agitators in boston police are looking tough and smart ! thank you
steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at  @ breitbart news maybe even better than ever before fake  news  needs the competition !
important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders many decisions made including on afghanistan
i want to thank steve bannon for his service he came to the campaign during my run against crooked hillary clinton  it was great ! thanks s
my thoughts and prayers are with the  @ kissimmeepolice and their loved ones we are with you ! # lesm
heading to camp david for major meeting on national security the border and the military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever
radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary ! the courts must give us back our protective rights have to be tough !
the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult they use the courts and associated delay at all times must stop !
study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught there was no more radical islamic terror for 35 years !
the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced !
sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments you
the public is learning even more so how dishonest the fake  news  is they totally misrepresent what i say about hate bigotry etc shame !
memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer a truly special young woman she will be long remembered by all !
make america great again !
kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable !
amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers towns cities and states throughout the us are being hurt  many jobs being lost !
for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council i have many to take their place grandstanders should not have gone on jobs !
big day in alabama vote for luther strange he will be great !
feels good to be home after seven months but the white house is very special there is no place like it and the us is really my home !
made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the  # fake  news  media will never be satisfiedtruly bad people !
leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade
the obstructionist democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in world history i am changing that fast !
heading to washington this morning much work to do focus on trade and military  # maga
condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in charlottesville virginia so sad !
we will continue to follow develo pm ents in charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed we are ready willing and able 
we must remember this truth :  no matter our color creed religion or political party we are all americans first 
what is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives # charlottesville 
we want to make sure that we have the workforce develo pm ent programs we need to ensure these jobs are 
hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world !
my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before
senator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama he has my complete and total endorsement !
i think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
how much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and nonexistent sources remain in business ?
conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child now he judges collusion ?
working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation going to new york next week for more meetings
make america great again ! 
after many years of leaks going on in washington it is great to see the ag taking action ! for national security the tougher the better !
working in bedminster nj as long planned construction is being done at the white house this is not a vacation  meetings and calls !
prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first  # americafirst ? 
excellent jobs numbers just released  and i have only just begun many job stifling regulations continue to fall movement back to usa !
and don't forget that foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in wisconsin
thank you west virginia ! all across the country americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal :  to make america great again ! 
today i  announced another historic breakthrough for the va we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our great veterans !  # usa 
business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels stock market at an alltime high that doesn't just happen !
i love the white house one of the most beautiful buildings homes i have ever seen but fake  news  said i called it a dump  totally untrue
only the fake  news  media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media 110 million people only way for me to get the truth out !
corporations have never made as much money as they are making now thank you stuart varney  @ foxandfriends jobs are starting to roarwatch !
a great day at the white house !
they do nothing for us with north korea just talk we will no longer allow this to continue china could easily solve this problem !
i am very disappointed in china our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet
i love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success problem is most don't exist  # fake  news  ! maga
if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon !
if the senate democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute they are laughing at r's make change !
republicans in the senate will never win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority now they look like fools and are just wasting time
we will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first ! replay :  
i would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him !
and a great leader john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security he has been a true star of my administration
i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff he is a great american
if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60
3 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down as i said from the beginning let obamacare implode then deal watch !
it was my great honor to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer  the medal of valor to five american heroes ! 
today we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in alexandria va 
one of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the russians collected and spread negative information
come on republican senators you can do it on healthcare after 7 years this is your chance to shine ! don't let the american people down !
congratulations to boys and girls nation it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today ! full remarks :  
victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail thank you
transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the us military our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming
after consultation with my generals and military experts please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow
senator  @ lisamurkowski of the great state of alaska really let the republicans and our country down yesterday too bad !
the crowd in ohio was amazing last night  broke all records we all had a great time in a great state will be back soon !
people of ohio are fantastic thank you so much what an evening ! 
the american people have waited long enough there has been enough talk and no action for seven years now is the time for action ! 
will be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight big crowd expected see you there !
this will be a very interesting day for healthcarethe dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people !
so great that john mccain is coming back to vote brave  american hero ! thank you john
big day for healthcare after 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate !
drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer  it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the fake  news  !
if republicans don't repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand !
it's hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad !
it's very sad that republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their president
as the phony russian witch hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold democrats and russians !
a ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the american sailor is the best in the world  @ usnavy  # ussgeraldrford 
obamacare is dead and the democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction it is solely up to the 52 republican senators !
the republican senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to repeal and replace next tax reform and infrastructure win !
while all agree the u s president has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against usfake  news 
this morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world the gerald r ford  norfolk va
sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake  news  media  but his future is bright !
today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the  # ussarizona to the wh remarks :  
i am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in america  # americafirst ? 
melania and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain cindy and their entire family get well soon 
i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare they must keep their promise to america !
the fake  news  is becoming more and more dishonest ! even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister !
as i have always said let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan stay tuned !
most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent that's politics !
heading back to washington dc much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security !
the abc/washington post poll even though almost 40 is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time !
thank you to former campaign adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning campaign
thank you to all of the supporters who far outnumbered the protesters yesterday at the women's us open very cool !
the women played great today at the  @ usga  # uswomensopen ? i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round ! 
make america great again ! 
next week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster  # weeklyaddress ? 
will be at the women's us open today !
stock market at new alltime high ! working on new trade deals that will be great for us and its workers !
honored to serve as commanderinchief to the courageous men and women of our us armed forces a grateful nation thanks you ! 
left paris for usa will be heading to new jersey and attending the # uswomensopen their most important tournament this afternoon
 @ vp mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people
after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare republican senators must come through as they have promised !
republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved i will be at my desk pen in hand !
melania and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the  @ usembassyfrance members of the us military and their families 
why aren't the same standards placed on the democrats look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with disgraceful !
remember when you hear the words sources say from the fake media often times those sources are made up and do not exist
my son donald did a good job last night he was open transparent and innocent this is the greatest witch hunt in political history sad !
working hard to get the olympics for the united states la stay tuned !
if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the fake  news  would say chelsea for pres !
i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go !
syrian ceasefire seems to be holding many lives can be saved came out of meeting good !
for years even as a civilian i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare now they finally have their chance !
make america great again ! 
have it fake  news  said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize why did obama do nothing when he had info before election ?
we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia !
the g 20 summit was a great success for the us  explained that the us must fix the many bad trade deals it has made will get done !
we will fight the  # fake news  with you ! 
i will represent our country well and fight for its interests ! fake  news  media will never cover me accurately but who cares ! we will  # maga !
everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia disgraceful !
my experience yesterday in poland was a great one thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech !
a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe and a strong europe is a blessing to the west and to the world 
the west will never be broken our values will prevail our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph ! 
trade between china and north korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter so much for china working with us  but we had to give it a try !
the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world historywhy should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us ?
getting ready to leave for poland after which i will travel to germany for the g20 will be back on saturday
gas prices are the lowest in the us in over ten years ! i would like to see them go even lower
getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july with a big crowd at the white house happy 4th to everyone our country will grow and prosper !
and japan will put up with this much longer perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all !
north korea has just launched another missile does this guy have anything better to do with his life ? hard to believe that south korea
thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on  @ fox news 
if we can help little  # charliegard as per our friends in the uk and the pope we would be delighted to do so
will be speaking with italy this morning !
spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middleeast interesting things are happening !
will be speaking with germany and france this morning
stock market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger !
the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people !… 
we will always take care of our great veterans you have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… 
my use of social media is not presidential  it’s modern day presidential make america great again !
the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media i had to beat  # fake news  and did we will continue to win !
crazy joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses too bad !
numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel what are they trying to hide ?
happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend  @ justintrudeau  # canada150
america will think big once again we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american… 
the era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed that patience is over we are working closely… 
i am encouraged by president moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers b… 
if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately repeal and then replace at a later date !
just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal !
when it comes to the future of america’s energy needs we will find it we will dream it and we will build it… 
good  news  out of the house with the passing of 'no sanctuary for criminals act' hopefully senate will follow
new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the us had no deal for many years which hurt us badly
today i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow watch and read more… 
the  # amazonwashingtonpost sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is fake  news  !
i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare they really want to get it right unlike ocare !
with zero democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy the republican senators are working hard !
fake  news  cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories ratings way down !
wow cnn had to retract big story on russia with 3 employees forced to resign what about all the other phony stories they do ? fake  news  !
the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling with 4 months looking at russia
and did not want to rock the boat he didn't choke he colluded or obstructed and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good
the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win
the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists they have no policies or ideas all they do is delay and complainthey own obamacare !
make america great again !
i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer !
obama administration official said they choked when it came to acting on russian meddling of election they didn't want to hurt hillary ?
since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling why no action ? focus on them not t !
just out :  the obama administration knew far in advance of november 8th about election meddling by russia did nothing about it why ?
i am very supportive of the senate  # healthcarebill look forward to making it really special ! remember obamacare is dead
mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only syria drug trade is largely the cause we will build the wall !
whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with james comey but i did not make and do not have any such recordings
with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information i have no idea
i certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out that would be very bad for the republican party  and please let cryin' chuck stay !
why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi and still hasn't ? it's all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election !
by the way if russia was working so hard on the 2016 election it all took place during the obama admin why didn't they stop them ?
great night in iowa  special people thank you !
well the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o ! all the fake  news  all the money spent  0
congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia 6th fantastic job we are all very proud of you !
things are looking great for karen h !
the us once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim video :  
karen handel for congress she will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong securitya hard worker who will never give up ! vote today
democrat jon ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district
big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina obamacare is dead dems want to raise taxes big ! they can only obstruct no ideas vote r
ralph norman who is running for congress in sc's 5th district will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and
camp david is a very special place an honor to have spent the weekend there military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do !
the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt many new jobs high business enthusiasm
thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families thank you to our japanese allies for th… 
back from miami where my cuban/american friends are very happy with what i signed today another campaign promise that i did not forget !
i am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director ! witch hunt
the fake  news  media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media  over 100 million people ! i can go around them
why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at but my nondealings are ?
you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history  led by some very bad and conflicted people maga
they made up a phony collusion with the russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story nice
just left hospital rep steve scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape  but he is a real fighter pray for steve !
rep steve scalise of louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover our thoughts and prayers are with him
just got back from wisconsin great day great people !
2 million more people just dropped out of obamacare it is in a death spiral obstructionist democrats gave up have no answer  resist !
heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs jobs jobs ! big progress being made as the real  news  is reporting
fake  news  is at an all time high where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories ? ? ?
well as predicted the 9th circuit did it again  ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country sc
the fake  news  media has never been so wrong or so dirty purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate sad !
we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific  # pulsenightclub shooting… 
the democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing  # obamacare they are only obstructionists !
i will be nominating christopher a wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new director of the fbi details to follow
extremism and all reference was pointing to qatar perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism !
so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off they said they would take a hard line on funding
sorry folks but if i would have relied on the fake  news  of cnn nbc abc cbs washpost or nytimes i would have had zero chance winning wh
during my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology leaders pointed to qatar  look !
the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out
big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare we are all pushing hard  must get it right !
that's right we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people !
pathetic excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement msm is working hard to sell it !
in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the us in order to help keep our country safe the courts are slow and political !
the justice dept should have stayed with the original travel ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to sc
people the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but i am calling it what we need and what it is a travel ban !
do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now ? that's because they used knives and a truck !
we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people if we don't get smart it will only get worse
whatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u k we will be there  we are with you god bless !
we need to be smart vigilant and tough we need the courts to give us back our rights we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety !
make america great again !
the big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the obama administration
i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days make america great again !
kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself my children especially my 11 year old son barron are having a hard time with this sick !
so now it is reported that the democrats who have excoriated carter page about russia don't want him to testify he blows away their
who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe   enjoy !
the us senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get healthcare and tax cuts approved fast and easy dems would do it no doubt !
i look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning
honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america home of the free because of the brave  # memorialday ?
the massive tax cuts/reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule big benefits to all !
i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere obamacare is dead  the republicans will do much better !
british prime minister may was very angry that the info the uk gave to us about manchester was leaked gave me full details !
it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake  news  writers  # fake news  is the enemy !
it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake  news  writers  # fake news  is the enemy !
whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake  news  media and they don't mention names
it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the  # fake news  media
just returned from europe trip was a great success for america hard work but big results !
just arrived in italy after having a very successful nato meeting in brussels told other nations they must pay more not fair to  us
big win in montana for republicans ! we
bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the usa from the middle east  which will mean jobs jobs jobs !
i look forward to reading the  @ commercegov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum to be released in june will take major action if necessary
just left the  # g7summit had great meetings on everything especially on trade where
i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week !
many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should money is beginning to pour in nato will be much stronger
just arrived in italy for the g7 trip has been very successful we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs
thank you for the warm welcome to brussels belgium this afternoon ! 
honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac… 
all civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace
we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom 
getting ready for my big foreign trip will be strongly protecting american interests  that's what i like to do !
this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history !
as president i wanted to share with russia at an openly scheduled wh meeting which i have the absolute right to do facts pertaining
we
china just agreed that the us will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into china once again this is real  news  !
when james clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end ?
james comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press !
maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy ? ? ?
as a very active president with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy !
the fake media is working overtime today !
russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the us tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election
we finally agree on something rosie 
the roger stone report on  @ cnn is false  fake  news  have not spoken to roger in a long time  had nothing to do with my decision
years as a pol in connecticut blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam  except he was never there when
comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington republican and democrat alike when things calm down they will be thanking me !
james comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi
the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad !
it was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month today we honor and thank all teachers !… 
sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today  she said nothing but old  news  !
ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the  news papers soon after she explained it to wh counsel
ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the  news papers soon after she explained it to wh council
general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration  but the fake  news  seldom likes talking about that
congratulations to  @ pgajohndaly on his big win yesterday john is a great guy who never gave up  and now a winner again !
congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france i look very much forward to working with him !
republican senators will not let the american people down ! obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up  it was a lie and it is dead !
the reason i am staying in bedminster beautiful community is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive meetings !
great jobs report today  it is all beginning to work !
why is it that the fake  news  rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives ? it's dead !
wowthe fake  news  media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possiblefar better than ocare !
of course the australians have better healthcare than we do everybody does obamacare is dead ! but our healthcare will soon be great
rather than causing a big disruption in nyc i will be working out of my home in bedminster nj this weekend also saves country money !
big win in the house  very exciting ! but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare !
if victorious republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote !
the fake  news  media is officially out of control they will do or say anything in order to get attention  never been a time like this !
trump/russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election perhaps trump just ran a great campaign ?
fbi director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds ! the phony
the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need 60 votes in the senate which are not there ! we
president andrew jackson who died 16 years before the civil war started saw it coming and was angry would never have let it happen !
you can't compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donorsnew
the democrats without a leader have become the party of obstructionthey are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for us
big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania ! fantastic crowd and people make america great again !
we are making tremendous progress with the v a there has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started we love our vets !
as families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks  democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government terrible !
democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders
democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies it is time to put  # americafirst ?
i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border democrats want to shut down the government politics !
i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare
the democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure no !
subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate nafta relationships are gooddeal very possible !
i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate i agreed
the ninth circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80 they used to call this judge shopping ! messy system
out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in 
don't let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall it will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc
canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult we will not stand for this watch !
if our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down obamacare is in a death spiral !
the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be ! # buildthewall
the wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others ! if
new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative would still beat hillary in 
eventually but at a later date so we can get started early mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall
the democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms 13 gang members
obamacare is in serious trouble the dems need big money to keep it going  otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought
very interesting election currently taking place in france
i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection jobs matter !
today on earth day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation
big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday
next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania look forward to it !
china is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the north korean problem they will
another terrorist attack in paris the people of france will not take much more of this will have a big effect on presidential election !
we're going to use american steel we're going to use american labor we are going to come first in all deals  ? ?… 
failing  @ nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to wh
just learned that jon  @ ossoff who is running for congress in georgia doesn't even live in the district republicans get out and vote !
democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress very weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes say no
the fake media not real media has gotten even worse since the election every story is badly slanted we have to hold them to the truth !
the first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy ! so true  @ foxandfriends
the recent kansas election congress was a really big media event until the republicans won now they play the same game with georgiabad !
our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before frankly we have no choice !
someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday the election is over !
i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republicaneasily won the electoral college ! now tax returns are brought up again ?
why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem ? we will see what happens !
it was a great honor to welcome atlanta's heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon ! 
i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea if they are unable to do so the us with its allies will ! usa
jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored we are truly making america great again !
one by one we are keeping our promises  on the border on energy on jobs on regulations big changes are happening !
had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea
north korea is looking for trouble if china decides to help that would be great if not we will solve the problem without them !  usa
i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the us will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem !
happy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america israel and around the world  # chagsameach
so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt us strongly condemns i have great
judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11 : 00 am he will be a great justice very proud of him !
the reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top !
congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states and the world so well in the syria attack
goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade
getting ready to meet president alsisi of egypt on behalf of the united states i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship
did hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate ? just asking !
was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted ? did hillary know ?
the real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking ! find the leakers
talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck
not associated with russia trump team spied on before he was nominated if this is true does not get much bigger would be sad for us
use subsidies to buy health plans in other words ocare is dead good things will happen however either with republicans or dems
the failing  @ nytimes finally gets it  in places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for obamacare customers to
it is the same fake  news  media that said there is no path to victory for trump that is now pushing the phony russia story a total scam !
when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and  @ nbc news  start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story ?
only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to  # makeamericagreatagain ?… 
and job losses american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives
the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits
if the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media !
remember when the failing  @ nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong now worse !
the failing  @ nytimes would do much better if they were honest ! 
the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds  not long do not worry we are in very  good shape !
the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory after so many bad years they were ready for a win !
general kelly is doing a great job at the border numbers are way down many are not even trying to come in anymore
thanks you for all of the trump rallies today amazing support we will all make america great again !
obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people do not worry !
the irony is that the freedom caucus which is very prolife and against planned parenthood allows pp to continue if they stop this plan !
a great american kurt cochran was killed in the london terror attack my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends
spoke to uk prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london she is strong and doing very well
thank you louisville kentucky together we will make america safe and great again ! 
what about all of the contact with the clinton campaign and the russians ? also is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look ?
just heard fake  news  cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster much higher ratings at fox
the real story that congress the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information must find leaker now !
james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia this story is fake  news  and everyone knows it !
despite what you have heard from the fake  news  i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel nevertheless germany owes
the president changed so has small businesses' confidence
north korea is behaving very badly they have been playing the united states for years china has done little to help !
ceo's most optimistic since 2009 it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut !
looking forward to a big rally in nashville tennessee tonight big crowd of great people expected will be fun !
can you imagine what the outcry would be if  @ snoopdogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at president obama ? jail time !
does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of went to his mailbox and found my tax returns ?  @ nbc news   fake  news  !
great optimism in america – and the results will be even better ! 
obamacare is imploding it is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far ! republicans will come together and save the day
it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives be nice you will do much better !
we are making great progress with healthcare obamacare is imploding and will only get worse republicans coming together to get job done !
despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture !
great  news  we are only just beginning together we are going to  # maga ! 
i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy
i feel sure that my friend  @ randpaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster !
don't let the fake  news  tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin we are getting along great and getting major things done !
i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry pricing for the american people will come way down !
our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation obamacare is a complete and total disaster  is imploding fast !
there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the jobs ! 
thank you for the great rallies all across the country tremendous support make america great again !
who was it that secretly said to russian president tell vladimir that after the election i'll have more flexibility ?  @ foxandfriends
is it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equi pm ent after learning it was hacked ? can that be possible ?
how low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process this is nixon/watergate bad or sick guy !
i'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october just prior to election !
is it legal for a sitting president to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election ? turned down by court earlier a new low !
terrible ! just found out that obama had my wires tapped in trump tower just before the victory nothing found this is mccarthyism !
make america great again ! 
i hereby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it 
i hearby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it 
we must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando 
i hear by demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it 
it is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet
is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information it is a total witch hunt !
to win the democrats are overplaying their hand they lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality the real story
intentional this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed
jeff sessions is an honest man he did not say anything wrong he could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not
great meeting with ceos of leading us health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo… 
big dinner with governors tonight at white house much to be discussed including healthcare
russia talk is fake  news  put out by the dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks !
congratulations to thomas perez who has just been named chairman of the dnc i could not be happier for him or for the republican party !
i will not be attending the white house correspondents' association dinner this year please wish everyone well and have a great evening !
the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in obama first mo
maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally it would be the biggest of them all !
find the leakers within the fbi itself classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on us find now
the fbi is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time they can't even
seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago what is going on there  totally out of control chicago needs help !
one thing i will say about rep keith ellison in his fight to lead the dnc is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win !
give the public a break  the fake  news  media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully not !
getting ready to leave for melbourne florida see you all soon !
don't believe the main stream fake  news  mediathe white house is running very well i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it
the fake  news  media failing  @ nytimes  @ cnn  @ nbc news  and many more    is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people sick !
general keith kellogg who i have known for a long time is very much in play for nsa  as are three others
thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever fake media not happy !
going to charleston south carolina in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs ! look forward to it
despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr tom price the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast !
the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly 306 so they made up a story  russia fake  news  !
fake  news  media which makes up stories and sources is far more effective than the discredited democrats  but they are fading fast !
the spotlight has finally been put on the lowlife leakers ! they will be caught !
the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy very unamerican !
crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration was obama too soft on russia ?
this russian connection nonsense is merely an attempt to coverup the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign
the real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington ? will these leaks be happening as i deal on nkorea etc ?
today i will meet with canadian  pm  trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce 
i know mark cuban well he backed me bigtime but i wasn't interested in taking all of his callshe's not smart enough to run for president !
i am so proud of my daughter ivanka to be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful !
design or negotiations yet when i do just like with the f35 fighterjet or the air force one program price will come way down !
i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought but i have not gotten involved in the
see you in court the security of our nation is at stake !
ryan died on a winning mission  according to general mattis not a failure time for the us to get smart and start winning again !
long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in  bogged down in conflict all over the place our hero
sen mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media only emboldens the enemy ! he's been losing so
big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be easy d !
my daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by  @ nordstrom she is a great person  always pushing me to do the right thing ! terrible !
i will be speaking at 9 : 00 am today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision
if the us does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled politics !
it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country obstruction by democrats !
i don't know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy  yet obama can make a deal with iran  # 1 in terror no problem !
i don't know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy  yet obama can make a deal with iran  # 1in terror no problem !
the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in europe and the middleeast courts must act fast !
the failing  @ nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win now they are worse !
i call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it some fake  news  media in order to marginalize lies !
any negative polls are fake  news  just like the cnn abc nbc polls in the election sorry people want border security and extreme vetting
i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully the courts are making the job very difficult !
just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril if something happens blame him and court system people pouring in bad !
the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart bad people are very happy !
why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision ?
because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country a terrible decision
what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into us ?
make america great again !
after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the fake  news   @ nytimes is still lost !
the opinion of this socalled judge which essentially takes lawenforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned !
countries charge us companies taxes or tariffs while the us charges them nothing or littlewe should charge them same as they charge us !
we must keep evil out of our country !
professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again !
meeting with biggest business leaders this morning good jobs are coming back to us health care and tax bills are being crafted now !
thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake  news  media lied about very nice !
iran is playing with fire  they don't appreciate how kind president obama was to them not me !
yes arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprenticebut at least he tried hard !
thank you  @ samsung ! we would love to have you ! 
iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the us came along and gave it a lifeline in the form of the iran deal :  $150 billion
iran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missileshould have been thankful for the terrible deal the us made with them !
congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state he will be a star !
if uc berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  no federal funds ?
do you believe it ? the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia why ? i will study this dumb deal !
iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the us has squandered three trillion dollars there obvious long ago !
everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban call it what you want it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country !
hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court he is a good and brilliant man respected by all
when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet ! they should be ashamed of themselves ! no wonder dc doesn't work !
the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons they have nothing going but to obstruct now have an obama ag
the american dream is back we’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… 
where was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country ?
i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court it will be announced live on tuesday at 8 : 00  pm  wh
if the ban were announced with a one week notice the bad would rush into our country during that week a lot of bad dudes out there !
there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country this was a big part of my campaign study the world !
protesters and the tears of senator schumer secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems make america safe again !
senators should focus their energies on isis illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii
christians in the middleeast have been executed in large numbers we cannot allow this horror to continue !
our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting now look what is happening all over europe and indeed the world  a horrible mess !
somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake  news  and failing  @ nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity !
dwindling subscribers and readersthey got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will dishonest
thr coverage about me in the  @ nytimes and the  @ washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its
the failing  @ nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning said i would lose the primaries then the general election fake  news  !
i promise that our administration will always have your back we will always be with you ! 
the  # marchforlife is so important to all of you marching  you have my full support !
of jobs and companies lost if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting
the us has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with mexico it has been a onesided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbers
ungrateful traitor chelsea manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling president obama a weak leader terrible !
as your president i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people 
i will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next weekthank you !
even those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures !
i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and
big day planned on national security tomorrow among many other things we will build the wall !
peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy even if i don't always agree i recognize the rights of people to express their views
watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election ! why didn't these people vote ? celebs hurt cause badly
a fantastic day and evening in washington dcthank you to  @ fox news  and so many other  news  outlets for the great reviews of the speech !
thank you for another wonderful evening in washington dc together we will make america great again ? 
to all americans ?
so to all americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain
it is time to remember that
we will bring back our jobs we will bring back our borders we will bring back our wealth  and we will bring back our dreams !
the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer from this moment on it’s going to be  # americafirst ?
january 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again
what truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people
power from washington dc and giving it back to you the american people  # inaugurationday
today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring
thank you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight a very special evening ! together we are going to make am… 
the american people i have no doubt that we will together make america great again !
getting ready to leave for washington dc the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for
thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service it was an honor to be with them tonight in dc… 
looking forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush both hospitalized thank you for your wonderful letter !
no wonder the today show on biased  @ nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past little credibility !
to the us but had nothing to do with trump is more fake  news  ask top ceo's of those companies for real facts came back because of me !
thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the us !
how trump wonand how the media missed it 
john lewis said about my inauguration it will be the first one that i've missed wrong or lie ! he boycotted bush 43 also because he
country and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more i believe the people are seeing big stuff
with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the us even before taking office with all of the new auto plants coming back into our
the same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls they are rigged just like before
people are pouring into washington in record numbers bikers for trump are on their way it will be a great thursday friday and saturday !
celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for honor him for being the great man that he was !
much worse  just look at syria red line crimea ukraine and the buildup of russian nukes not good ! was this the leaker of fake  news  ?
 @ nbc news  is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job really bad television !
thank you to bob woodward who said that is a garbage documentit never should have been presentedtrump's right to be upset angry
for many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting many say it will never change the hatred is too deep it will change !
will only get higher car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again win !
the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation that number
inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected january 20th washington dc have fun !
congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested innercities of the us i can use all the help i can get !
mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results all talk talk talk  no action or results sad !
congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to
the unaffordable care act will soon be history !
have been allowed to run  guilty as hell they were very nice to her she lost because she campaigned in the wrong states  no enthusiasm !
what are hillary clinton's people complaining about with respect to the fbi based on the information they had she should never
released by intelligence even knowing there is no proof and never will be my people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days !
it now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued
all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine !
 @ cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake  news  because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone !
thank you to linda bean of llbean for your great support and courage people will support you even more now buy llbean  @ lbperfectmaine
we had a great  news  conference at trump tower today a couple of fake  news  organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake  news  to leak into the public one last shot at meare we living in nazi germany ?
i win an election easily a great movement is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake  news  a sorry state !
russia has never tried to use leverage over me i have nothing to do with russia  no deals no loans no nothing !
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad just more very dishonest media !
hillary flunky who lost big for the 100th time i never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him
meryl streep one of the most overrated actresses in hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the golden globes she is a
rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer !
dishonest media says mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly media is fake !
i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring britain a longtime us ally is very special !
both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world !
have enough problems around the world without yet another one when i am president russia will respect us far more than they do now and
having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing only stupid people or fools would think that it is bad ! we
only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed !
monitoring the terrible situation in florida just spoke to governor scott thoughts and prayers for all stay safe !
i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it
wow the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine djt so much for
hopefully all supporters and those who want to make america great again will go to dc on january 20th it will be a great show !
and knew they were in big trouble  which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minutethey saw a movement like never before
hillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the
the dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall for sake of speed will be paid back by mexico later !
so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers ? what is going on ?
the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia
how did nbc get an exclusive look into the top secret report he obama was presented ? who gave them this report and why ? politics !
to make up their own minds as to the truth the media lies to make it look like i am against intelligence when in fact i am a big fan !
the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange  wrong i simply state what he states it is for the people
do the typical political thing and blame the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginningkeep you doctor keep your plan ! it is
the democrats lead by head clown chuck schumer know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in instead of working to fix it they
massive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess it will fall of its own weight  be careful !
like the 116 hike in arizona also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless don't let the schumer clowns out of this web
republicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases
things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to h a total double standard ! media as usual gave them a pass
somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have hacking defense like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terrible
thank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the us this is just the beginning  much more to follow
i will be having a general  news  conference on january eleventh in nyc thank you
trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america 
there should be no further releases from gitmo these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield
may be their number one act and priority focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance !  # dts
with all that congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog as unfair as it
people must remember that obamacare just doesn't work and it is not affordable  116 increases arizona bill clinton called it crazy
north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the us it won't happen !
i thought and felt i would win big easily over the fabled 270 306 when they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did i
various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election wrong it all came together in the last week and
well the new year begins we will together make america great again !
happy new year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do love !
great move on delay by v putin  i always knew he was very smart !
not anymore the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal and now this un ! stay strong israel january 20th is fast approaching !
we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect they used to have a great friend in the us but
doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocksthought it was going to be a smooth transition  not !
president obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states and lostthe voters wanted to make america great again !
i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation raised or recieved millions more all of which is given to charity and media won't report !
the world was gloomy before i won  there was no hope now the market is up nearly 10 and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars !
the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time so sad !
president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me he should say that but i say no way !  jobs leaving isis ocare etc
merry christmas and a very very very  very happy new year to everyone !
the big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peacetoo bad but we will get it done anyway !
vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems :  in my opinion it is humiliating one must be able to lose with dignity  so true !
slaughter you this is a purely religious threat which turned into reality such hatred ! when will the us and all countries fight back ?
the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime by god's will we will slaughter you pigs i swear we will
as to the un things will be different after jan 20th
my presidency isn't this a ridiculous shame ? he loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop wrong answer !
my wonderful son eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with
the socalled a list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for hillary nothing i want the people !
the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
someone incorrectly stated that the phrase drain the swamp was no longer being used by me actually we will always be trying to dts
i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss !
i would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote  but would campaign differently
yes it is true  carlos slim the great businessman from mexico called me about getting together for a meeting we met he is a great guy !
especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states  and more they focused on wrong states
bill clinton stated that i called him after the election wrong he called me with a very nice congratulations he doesn't know much 
we did it ! thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media
today there were terror attacks in turkey switzerland and germany  and it is only getting worse the civilized world must change thinking !
we should tell china that we don't want the drone they stole back let them keep it !
china steals united states navy research drone in international waters  rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act
mobile alabama today at 3 : 00  pm  last rally of the year  thank you alabama and the south biggest of all crowds expected see you there !
well we all did it together ! i hope the movement fans will go to dc on jan 20th for the swearing in let's set the all time record !
are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate ?
thank you pennsylvania ! together we are going to make america great again ! watch here :  
if russia or some other entity was hacking why did the white house wait so long to act ? why did they only complain after hillary lost ?
the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house as it pertains to my business so complex  when actually it isn't !
thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me person of the year  a great honor !
the thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments
wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states i actually picked up additional votes !
i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world rex tillerson chairman and ceo of exxonmobil to be secretary of state
i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business cabinet picks and all other topics of interest busy times !
presidency two of my children don and eric plus executives will manage them no new deals will be done during my terms in office
even though i am not mandated by law to do so i will be leaving my busineses before january 20th so that i can focus full time on the
i will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning
the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what  we just picked up an additional 131 votes the dems and green party can now rest scam !
the f35 program and cost is out of control billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after january 20th
unless you catch hackers in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking why wasn't this brought up before election ?
can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia/cia card it would be called conspiracy theory !
i spent friday campaigning with john kennedy of the great state of louisiana for the ussenate the election is over  john won !
being at the army  navy game was fantastic there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium a wonderful experience and congrats to army !
a very interesting read unfortunately so much is true
as a show of support for our armed forces i will be going to the armynavy game today looking forward to it should be fun !
 @ rudygiuliani one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of nyc just took himself out of consideration for state
today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers he will be missed
if united steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in indiana spend more time workingless time talking reduce dues
masa said he would never do this had we trump not won the election !
their country the us doesn't tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea ?  i don't think so !
did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete heavily tax our products going into
expensive mistake ! the united states is open for business
these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged please be forewarned prior to making a very 
wanting to sell their product cars ac units etc back across the border this tax will make leaving financially difficult but
without retribution or consequence is wrong ! there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 for these companies 
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the us  
the us is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers this is happening all over our country no more !
interesting how the us sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equi pm ent but i should not accept a congratulatory call
the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency thank you !
thank you ohio ! together we made history – and now the real work begins america will start winning again !… 
getting ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier ac
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states stay safe !
look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier they will sell many air conditioners !
hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations the presidency is a far more important task !
do this under the law i feel it is visually important as president  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again ! while i am not mandated to 
i will be holding a major  news  conference in new york city with my children on december 15 to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my 
isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country
big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful statewe will keep our companies and jobs in the us thanks carrier
i will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier ac staying in indianapolis great deal for workers !
my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires stay safe !
nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag  if they do there must be consequences  perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail !
i thought that  @ cnn would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however since election they are worse !
the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory  306 !
 @ cnn is so embarrassed by their total  100 support of hillary clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do
if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people the cuban/american people and the us as a whole i will terminate deal
states instead of the 15 states that i visited i would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten !
it would have been much easier for me to win the socalled popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only campaign in 3 or 4
in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
trump is going to be our president we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead so much time and money will be spent  same result ! sad
this election that is a direct threat to our democracy she then said we have to accept the results and look to the future donald 
of position then separately she stated he said something truly horrifying  he refused to say that he would respect the results of 
during a general election i for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind 
and fair elections we've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a 
hillary's debate answer on delay :  that is horrifying that is not the way our democracy works been around for 240 years we've had free 
hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in nothing will change
the democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted not so anymore !
i am working hard even on thanksgiving trying to get carrier ac company to stay in the us indiana making progress  will know soon !
happy thanksgiving to everyone we will together make america great again !
let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead happy th… 
great meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years
the failing  @ nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high i can fully understand that  but why announce ?
perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the  @ nytimes in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone !
i cancelled today's meeting with the failing  @ nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment not nice
many people would like to see  @ nigelfarage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states he would do a great job !
prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the worldonly the crooked media makes this a big deal !
i have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done good  news  !
numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again !
the cast and producers of hamilton which i hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behavior
the theater must always be a safe and special placethe cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man mike pence apologize !
the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u too bad !
i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country
will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again !
i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me !
just got a call from my friend bill ford chairman of ford who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky  no mexico
my transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today  # maga
australia new zealand and more i am always available to them  @ nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me
the failing  @ nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition it is going so smoothly also i have spoken to many foreign leaders
i am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children this was a typically false  news  story
very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions i am the only one who knows who the finalists are !
the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play campaigning is much different !
if the election were based on total popular vote i would have campaigned in  ny florida and california and won even bigger and more easily
the debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus our great supporters gave us the win !
the  @ nytimes states today that djt believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons how dishonest are they i never said this !
governor john kasich of the great great great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win the people of ohio were incredible !
jeb bush george w and george hw all called to express their best wishes on the win very nice !
mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win very nice !
the  @ nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me i wonder if it will change  doubt it ?
wow the  @ nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the trump phenomena
this will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans we will unite and we will win win win !
today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces  # thankavet 
busy day planned in new york will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government !
love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country we will all come together and be proud !
just had a very open and successful presidential election now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting very unfair !
such a beautiful and important evening ! the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again we will all come together as never before
don't let up keep getting out to vote  this election is far from over ! we are doing well but there is much time left go florida !
i will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends very exciting !
vote today ! go to 
today we make america great again !
today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house ! thank you mi !… 
today in florida i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression cont :  
'what i like about trump  and why you need to vote for him'
i love you north carolina thank you for your amazing support ! get out and 
on my way ! 
thank you wilmington north carolina we are 3 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life !… 
make america great again !
the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you the only force strong enough to save our country is us… 
thank you ohio ! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states ! watch : … 
if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary we would all be much better off !
thank you concord north carolina ! when we win on november 8th we are going to washington dc and we are going t… 
watching my beautiful wife melania speak about our love of country and family we will make you all very proud… 
obamacare is a total disaster hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive doesn't work i will repeal and replace !
my wife melania will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon so exciting big crowds ! i will be watching from north carolina
thank you orlando florida ! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch… 
it pays to have friends in high places like the justice department clearly the clintons do  # draintheswamp ! 
thank you miami ! in 6 days we are going to win the great state of florida  and we are going to win back the white… 
praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all
i am going to repeal and replace obamacare we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare with hillary costs will triple !
you can change your vote in six states so now that you see that hillary was a big mistake change your vote to make america great again !
so terrible that crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from donna brazile if that were me it would have been front page  news  !
look at the way crooked hillary is handling the email case and the total mess she is in she is unfit to be president bad judgement !
hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago original evidence was overwhelming should not have delayed !
we are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday  great in states !
thank you phoenix arizona ! time for new powerful leadership just imagine what we can accomplish in our first 100… 
so nice  great americans outside trump tower right now thank you ! 
i am in colorado  big day planned  but nothing can be as big as yesterday !
thank you maine new hampshire and iowa the waiting is over ! the time for change is now ! we are going to… 
heading to new hampshire will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare !
thank you geneva ohio if i am elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr… 
a lot of callins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas people are not happy big lines what is going on ?
hillary said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by usss turned out to be a total lie she is not fit to… 
get your ballots in colorado  i will see you soon  and we will win ! # makeamericagreatagain 
get out and vote ! i am your voice and i will fight for you ! we will make america great again ! 
thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support ! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done ! 
we are winning and the press is refusing to report it don't let them fool you get out and vote !  # draintheswamp on november 8th !
major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump  we are going to win !
wow just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible we cannot let this happen  isis !
the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster we gave them months of notice us is looking so dumb vote trump and win again !
well iran has done it again taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release this doesn't happen if i'm president !
change has to come from outside our very broken system  # maga 
the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place biggest crowds ever  watch what happens !
just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs amazing crowd will be going back tomorrow to gettysburg !
the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous i won ! thank you these are very exciting times
in addition to those without health coverage those that have disastrous  # obamacare are seeing massive premium incr… 
thank you delaware county ohio ! remember either we win this election or we are going to lose this country !… 
if elected potus  i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country ! in order to do this we need to… 
just landed in ohio thank you america i am honored to win the final debate for our movement it is time to… 
that was really exciting made all of my points make america great again !
the era of division is coming to an end we will create a new future of  # americanunity first we need to… 
we cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary  # bigleaguetruth
i will defeat isis they have been around too long ! what has our leadership been doing ? # draintheswamp 
i opposed going into iraq hillary voted for it as with everything else she's supported it was a disaster 
crooked hillary has never created a job in her life we will create 25 million jobs think she can do that ? not a c… 
i will renegotiate nafta if i can’t make a great deal we’re going to tear it up we’re going to get this economy running again  # debate
one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border  # debate  # maga
tune in at 
i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist  so we close all the loopholes !  # draintheswamp 
hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states  # draintheswamp 
nevada :  a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote ! 
if we let crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence  # draintheswamp 
i will make our government honest again  believe me but first i'm going to have to  # draintheswamp in dc 
great night in wi i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo… 
i will sign the first bill to repeal  # obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates !
new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with madeup stories and lies and got caught
our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq we must never back down against this extreme radical islami… 
voter fraud ! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word can you imagine if i got the questions ?
we have all got to come together and win this election we can't have four more years of obama or worse !
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day why do republican leaders deny what is going on ? so naive !
all safe in orange county north carolina with you all the way will never forget now we have to win proud of you all ncgop
paul ryan a man who doesn't know how to win including failed run four years ago must start focusing on the budget military vets etc
the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary  but also at many polling places  sad
hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over who would trust these people with national security ? 
election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into  news  !
polls close but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened media rigging election !
thank you for sharing amy 
the failing  @ nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way !
nothing ever happened with any of these women totally made up nonsense to steal the election nobody has more respect for women than me !
landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country
the truth is a beautiful weapon 
hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
thank you charlotte north carolina ! we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8thbecause this is all… 
dem gov of mn just announced that the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable i've been saying this for years disaster !
this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim c… 
just left a great rally in florida  now heading to ohio for two more will be there soon
why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the incident in her story because it did not happen !
crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years  why didn't she do them ?
i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks she is unfit to run
disloyal r's are far more difficult than crooked hillary they come at you from all sides they don’t know how to win  i will teach them !
with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans !
it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to
our very weak and ineffective leader paul ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty
despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support !
is this really america ? terrible ! 
cnn is the worst  fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased 
paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nominee
thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night very exciting !
this country cannot take four more years of barack obama !  # debate
this is the definition of ransom  ? 
the world is most peaceful and most prosperous when america is strongest 
if i wini am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies
tremendous support except for some republican leadership thank you
thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal !
the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly   i will never drop out of the race will never let my supporters down !  # maga
here is my statement 
praying for everyone in florida hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful
new virginia poll thank you ! we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger and better and s… 
thank you  @ senjohnmccain for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media great to be in arizona yesterday !
thank you henderson nv this is a movement like never seen before ! watch some of the rally via my facebook page : … 
mike pence won big we should all be proud of mike !
what they are saying about mike pence “dominating” the debate : 
both are looking good ! now we begin !
here we go  enjoy !
i will be livetweeting the vp debate very exciting ! make america great again !
wow did you just hear bill clinton's statement on how bad obamacare is hillary not happy as i have been saying repeal and replace !
thank you arizona ! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before together we are going to make america safe… 
we must bring the truth directly to hardworking americans who want to take our country back  # bigleaguetruth… 
just announced that iraq us is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul why do they have to announce this ? makes mission much harder !
melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states in israel and around the world
bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters
i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj !
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them  # failing @ nytimes
heading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight we will make america great again !
wow just saw the really bad  @ cnn ratings people don't want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary
i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally onesided spin that followed this despite the really bad microphone
thank you for your support  on my way now ! see you soon  # trumptrain 
for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know i will be there awake to answer the call !
did crooked hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past alicia m become a us citizen so she could use her in the debate ?
anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said do not believe it there are no sources they are just made up lies !
wow did you see how badly  @ cnn clinton  news  network is doing in the ratings with people like  @ donlemon who could expect any more ?
my condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders
thank you council bluffs iowa ! will be back soon remember everything you need to know about hillary  just… 
my supporters are the best ! $18 million from hardworking people who know what we can be again ! shatter the record :  
once again we will have a government of by and for the people join the movement today ! 
well now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum but last night the big debate nice !
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done  it will never change
i really enjoyed the debate last nightcrooked hillary says she is going to do so many thingswhy hasn't she done them in her last 30 years ?
instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… 
really sad  news  :  the great arnold palmer the king has died there was noone like him  a true champion ! he will be truly missed
bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the emails that issue has only gotten bigger !
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign  and they like trump on trade a lot !
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic we must come together to make america safe again
it is a movement  not a campaign leaving the past behind changing our future together we will make america saf… 
hillary clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest sleep well hillary  see you at the debate !
heading to north carolina for two big rallies will be there soon we will bring jobs back where they belong !
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies  she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning
crooked hillary has been fighting isis or whatever she has been doing for years now she has new ideas it is time for change
amazing rally in florida  this is a movement ! join us today at 
great job once again by law enforcement ! we are proud of them and should embrace them  without them we don't have a country !
terrible attacks in ny nj and mn this weekend thinking of victims their families and all americans ! we need to be strong !
i would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc
never met but never liked dopey robert gates look at the mess the us is in always speaks badly of his many bosses including obama
heading to colorado for a big rally massive crowd great people ! will be there soon  the polls are looking good
my lawyers want to sue the failing  @ nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent i said no for now but they are watching really disgusting
the failing  @ nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly they are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag !
i never met former defense secretary robert gates he knows nothing about me but look at the results under his guidance  a total disaster !
just arrived in texas  have been informed two  @ fortworthpd officers have been shot my thoughts and prayers are with them
great parade in the villages i love you all we will  # maga thank you for the incredible supporti will not forget ! 
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes
i am now going to the brand new trump international hotel dc for a major statement
thank you for having me ! i enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone see you soon  # maga 
i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq  disaster we can do much better !
thank you ohio  see you tonight ! 
russia took crimea during the socalled obama years who wouldn't know this and why does obama get a free pass ?
just got back from asheville  north carolina where we had a massive rally the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable thank you maga
the seriously failing  @ nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits !
hillary clinton just had her 47 moment what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans !
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me i still respect them all !
wow hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people i think it will cost her at the polls !
will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman phyllis s !
just returned from pensacola florida where the crowd was incredible
thank you florida  we are going to make america great again ! join us :  
thank you ohio together we will make america great again !
the documentary of me that  @ cnn just aired is a total waste of time i don't even know many of the people who spoke about me a joke !
with luis mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together  where both mexico and the us would have benefitted
hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past she is totally confused unfit to serve as  # potus
wow reviews are in  thank you !
thank you to  @ foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night
thank you to our fantastic veterans the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commanderinchief presentation were great nice !
thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans  # imwithyou 
as a tribute to the late great phyllis schlafly i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book the conservative case for trump
can you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane  fight on tarmac ! 
lyin' hillary clinton told the fbi that she did not know the c markings on documents stood for classified how can this be happening ?
to the africanamerican community :  the democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs i will fix it vote t
the polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrowwhy did she hammer 13 devices and acidwash emails ?
the great state of arizona where i just had a massive rally amazing people has a very weak and ineffective senator jeff flake sad !
the republican party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as  @ jeffflake if it is going to stop illegal immigration
crooked hillary's vp pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea a total lie  and taken over during o term !
wow the failing  @ nytimes has not reported properly on crooked's fbi release they are at the back of the pack  no longer a credible source
 @ cnn is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new email scandals
people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov 8 we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit ! they want to  # maga !
thank you to  @ foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night thank you also to the great people of arizona !
mexico will pay for the wall !
great trip to mexico today   wonderful leadership and high quality people ! look forward to our next meeting
former president vicente fox who is railing against my visit to mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb
i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto of mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow
from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border and much more stop illegal immigration watch wednesday !
now that africanamericans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the innercities they want trump !
does anyone know that crooked hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the bar exams in washington dc she was forced to go elsewhere
innercity crime is reaching record levels africanamericans will vote for trump because they know i will stop the slaughter going on !
look how bad it is getting ! how much more crime how many more shootings will it take for africanamericans and latinos to vote trumpsafe !
i will be making a major speech on illegal immigration on wednesday in the great state of arizona big crowds looking for a larger venue
i think that both candidates crooked hillary and myself should release detailed medical records i have no problem in doing so ! hillary ?
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington  today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity
just landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator  @ joniernst look forward to being with all of my friends
my condolences to dwyane wade and his family on the loss of nykea aldridge they are in my thoughts and prayers
dwyane wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago just what i have been saying africanamericans will vote trump !
new polls  join the movement today
i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion such a big problem for our countryi will solve
what do africanamericans and hispanics have to lose by going with me look at the poverty crime and educational statistics i will fix it !
the clinton's are the real predators
hillary clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me no policy and always very short stamina media gives her a pass !
hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument !
hillary clinton is using racebaiting to try to get africanamerican voters but they know she is all talk and no action !
hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society she should be ashamed of herself !
just watched recap of  # crookedhillary's speech very short and lies she is the only one fearmongering !
so many in the africanamerican community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down :  i will fix it promise
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana you will prevail !
i will not let the families of the remembrance project down !  # makeamericasafeagain
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar
in austin texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents i will not let them down ! 
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago instead of golfing too little too late !
hillary clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of the state department lie !
it is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact  that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history !
i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a  @ fox news  special on the border and with victims of border crime !
just leaving akron ohio after a packed rally amazing people ! going now to texas
i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them something very big is happening !
together we are going to make america safe and great again !
 @ j58golf realdonaldtrump been a great week more of the same will get you in the white house !
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams  # maga
will be back soon virginia we are going to make america great again !  # trumppence16 
we are one nation when one hurts we all hurt we must all work togetherto lift each other up # standwithlouisiana 
thank you michigan this is a movement we are going to make america safe and great again !  # trumppence16 
thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night
the reporting at the failing  @ nytimes gets worse and worse by the day fortunately it is a dying  news paper
we are one nation when one state hurts we all hurt we must all work together  to lift each other up 
together we will make america great again ! 
we are going to make this a government of the people once again ! # makeamericagreatagain  # imwithyou
just as we won the cold war in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free marketscont :  
this is my pledge to the american people :  
certain republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the ussupreme court get proper appointments sad !
i have always been the same personremain true to selfthe media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so !
it is not freedom of the press when  news papers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false !
i am not only fighting crooked hillary i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process people get it !
crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media she is not a talented person or politician the dishonest media refuses to expose !
my rallies are not covered properly by the media they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm
if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words i say i would be beating hillary by 20
the failing  @ nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change false i am who i amnever said
 @ zuluout :  you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people  # makeamericagreatagain  # usa loves u thanks
we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her emails  payforplay how can she run for pres
i am truly enjoying myself while running for president the people of our country are amazing  great numbers on november 8th !
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat  # crookedhillary let's make america great again ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i'm with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country  we must put  # americafirst 
i love watching these poor pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out they can't !
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
this is no surprise constant phony reporting from failing  @ cnn turns everyone off the american people get it ! 
great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber
reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my campaign made up story by  @ cnn is a hoax totally dishonest
when is the media going to talk about hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like libya open borders and maybe her emails ?
i am running against the washington insiders just like i did in the republican primaries these are the people that have made us a mess !
being in detroit today was wonderful quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters just got back home !
many people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the us because of hillary clinton's hacked emails
the media is going crazy they totally distort so many things on purpose crimea nuclear the baby and so much more very dishonest !
i see where mayor stephanie rawlingsblake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard look at the job she has done in baltimore she is a joke !
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media  but i will win !
heading to new hampshire  will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited and other things !
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more get yours today ! 
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more get yours today ! 
anybody whose mind short circuits is not fit to be our president ! look up the word brainwashed
crooked hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she short circuited when answering a question on her emails very dangerous !
hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions let us all see what happens !
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst  
i'm with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people ! 
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat  # crookedhillary let's make america great again ! 
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat  # crookedhillary  let's make america great again ! 
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst 
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat  # crookedhillary  let's make america great again ! 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put  # americafirst  
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat  # crookedhillary  let's make america great again ! 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i'm with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again !  
hillary clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president
the plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to iran !
president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie
there is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support beat crooked h !
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states !
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more  get yours today ! 
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more  get yours today !  
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more  get yours today ! 
vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries that will end when i win !
thanks to  @ pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated
during the gop convention cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence they don’t want them heard 
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost ?
hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to isis silence at cnn 
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillarythat's really saying something !
will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding  or are they worried it will hurt hillary ?
cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in  news  if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton
so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine they have already taken crimea and continue to push that's what i said !
when i said in an interview that putin is not going into ukraine you can mark it down i am saying if i am president already in crimea !
this story is not about mr khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather radical islamic terrorism and the us get smart !
mr khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over tv doing the same  nice !
the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention i wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h ?
captain khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it !
thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention  # 1 over crooked hillary and dems
can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania it would be a major media event !  @ cnn  @ fox news 
wow nato's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills this is a general i will like !
the rust belt was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico end !
word is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta ?
i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better !
why doesn't the media want to report that on the two big thursdays when crooked hillary and i made our speeches  republican's won ratings
violent crime is rising across the united states yet the dnc convention ignored it crime reduction will be one of my top priorities
just got back from colorado the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible big crowds !
we are suffering through the worst longterm unemployment in the last 70 years i want change  crooked hillary clinton does not
colorado was amazing yesterday ! so much support our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country
only a reagan or a trumplike figure in the white house will achieve this goal 
even bill is tired of the lies sad ! 
i am watching crooked hillary speak same old stuff our country needs change !
wow my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary she sold them out vp pick !
if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york he wouldn't get 10 of the vote  they would run him out of town neverhillary
little michael bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me his last term as mayor was a disaster !
two policemen just shot in san diego one dead it is only getting worse people want law and order !
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me and forgot to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream !
no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton  corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes
our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words
hillary's refusal to mention radical islam as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people !  
median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office it will only go further down under clinton
president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction  # dnc
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair
shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers !
as president i will bring jobs back and get wages up for americans who need it most   
if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the fbi !
not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complainingthen a small one pathetic
our not very bright vice president joe biden just stated that i wanted to carpet bomb the enemy sorry joe that was ted cruz !
crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about the danger is massive no !
hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally get tough !
the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country no recognition  sad !
as i have been saying crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election despite her statements to the contrary :  top adv
just like i have warned from the beginning crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp 
many of bernie's supporters have left the arena did bernie go home and go to sleep ?
i hate to say it but the republican convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the democratic convention !
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible highly overrated !
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is and neither does isis a good thing please get your facts straight  thanks  @ megynkelly
i'm with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i'm with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i’m with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
for the record i have zero investments in russia
in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump crazy !
bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed !
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar !
why aren't the democrats speaking about isis bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order the republican convention was great
funny if you listen to  @ fox news  the democrats did not have a good day if you listen to the other two they are fawning what a difference
bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton all of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it ! waste of time
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs
if cory booker is the future of the democratic party they have no future ! i know more about cory than he knows about himself
i was at  @ fox news  and met juan williams in passing  he asked if he could have pictures taken with me i said fine he then trashes on air !
hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold he got nothing for all of the time energy and money the vp a joke !
while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers
great poll numbers are coming out all over people don't want another four years of obama and crooked hillary would be even worse  # maga
the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change !
wow the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess but fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn !
here we go again with another clinton scandal and emails yet can you believe crooked hillary knew the fix was in b never had a chance !
crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the dnc  they just got caught that's all ! they laughed at bernie
if bernie sanders after seeing the just released emails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same
hillary was involved in the email scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened !
how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb emails using even religion against bernie !
the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc emails which should never have been written stupid because putin likes me
the ratings for the republican national convention were very good but for the final night my speech great thank you !
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook !
crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top dws too bad bernie flamed out
if the republican convention had blown up with emails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player bernie media would go wild
sorry folks but bernie sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer he is trying to dismiss the new emails and dnc disrespect sad !
there is no longer a bernie sanders political revolution he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end !
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates
looks like the bernie people will fight if not their blood sweat and tears was a total waste of time kaine stands for opposite !
wow president obama's brother malik just announced that he is voting for me was probably treated badly by presidentlike everybody else !
bernie sanders started off strong but with the selection of kaine for vp is ending really weak so much for a movement ! total disrespect
the crooked hillary vp choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters just another case of bad judgement by h !
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night from the heart !
the wikileaks email release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud !
i will bring jobs back and get wages up people haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years clinton killed jobs !
funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs i will bring jobs back !
tim kaine is and always has been owned by the banks bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice bernie fought for nothing !
i highly recommend the just out book  the field of fight  by general michael flynn how to defeat radical islam
is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m did ?
another attack this time in germany many killed god bless the people of munich
thank you cleveland we love you and will be back many times !
what a great four days in cleveland so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all the police and secret service were fantastic !
i’m with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
i’m with you ! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again ! 
other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is very united great love in the arena !
ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn't say that if the dems win the presidency the new justices appointed will destroy us all !
make america great again ! 
john kasich was never asked by me to be vp just arrived in cleveland  will be a great two days !
good  news  is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press !
in november i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state jobs !
bill hemmer of  @ fox news  was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena more than in past years
congratulations to my children don and tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night i am very proud of you !
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states i will work hard and never let you down ! america first !
 @ roxanetancredi :   democrats are coming to trump i used to be proud of the dem party no more it is crooked and not for the people
looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife melania place looks beautiful !
president obama just had a  news  conference but he doesn't have a clue our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse !
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching we are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough !
we are trying to fight isis and now our own people are killing our police our country is divided and out of control the world is watching
we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today how many law enforcement and people have to
it doesn't matter that crooked hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made bernie said she has bad judgement !
as the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country and world is in  crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions !
we are going to have a great time in cleveland will lead to special results for our country we will make america great again !
goofy elizabeth warren who may be the least productive senator in the us senate must prove she is not a fraud without the con it's over
thank you to chris cox and bikers for trump  your support has been amazing i will never forget make america great again !
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street lobbyists and special interests she will sell our country down the tubes !
very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes crooked hillary clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money !
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
look forward to introducing governor mike pence who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana my first choice from start !
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice france we are with you in every way !
another horrific attack this time in nice france many dead and injured when will we learn ? it is only getting worse
i employ many people in the state of virginia  jobs jobs jobs ! crooked hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with nafta
i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan details to follow
if i win the presidency we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions !
on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party i am spending a lot myself and also helping others
voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not true just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity
is president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves ? think about it and let me know !
the republican platform is most proisrael of all time !
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall we will build the wall and make america safe again !
justice ginsburg of the us supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me her mind is shot  resign !
i am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters they are not happy that he is selling out !
bernie sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton he will endorse her today  fans angry !
for too many years our inner cities have been left behind i am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need
crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities not good !
thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st joseph michigan
i heard that the underachieving john king of  @ cnn on inside politics was one hour of lies happily few people are watching  dead network !
the media is so dishonest if i make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolishthey think the public is stupid !
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think he is living in a world of the make believe !
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton we are a divided nation !
way to go  @ serenawilliams   you are a true champion proud of you !
due to the horrific events taking place in our country i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity today in miami
prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
just leaving dc had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate very interesting day ! these are people who love our country !
to all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign we must beat crooked hillary 
convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live
sleepy eyes chuck todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it againhe could not have watched my standing ovation speech in nc
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in ac others to follow ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city
i made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago great timing as all know pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies
crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country she is sooooo guilty but watch her time will come !
crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement
crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the us her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong bad judgement !
raised a lot of money for the republican party there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning lots of support ! win
looking forward to meeting with  @ senbobcorker in a little while we will be traveling to north carolina together today
the system is rigged general petraeus got in trouble for far less very very unfair ! as usual bad judgment
it was great spending time with  @ joniernst yesterday she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and us will see her again !
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary a total disgrace !
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary ? she is flying with him tomorrow who pays ?
with hillary and obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse politically correct fools won't even call it what it is  radical islam !
crooked hillary clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt ! where are the 33000 missing emails ?
the only people who are not interested in being the vp pick are the people who have not been asked !
dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star or plain star !
crooked hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis  it will just go on forever we need change !
the third mass attack slaughter in days by isis 200 dead in baghdad worst in many years we do not have leadership that can stop this !
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the usag so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught !
the secret meeting between bill clinton and the usag in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting go away no pictures
does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the usag talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac ?
the system is rigged !
on saturday a great man elie wiesel passed awaythe world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil !
only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the usag was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know
just watched  @ meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd and the entire show is against methe good  news the people get it !
it was just announcedby sourcesthat no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton like i said the system is totally rigged !
it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton what she did was wrong ! what bill did was stupid !
if i become the next potus they will not be ignoring !  # americafirst 
the speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak  wednesday release
just read in the failing  @ nytimes that i was not aware the event had to be held in cleveland  a total lie these people are sick !
yet another terrorist attack today in israel  a father shot at by a palestinian terrorist was killed while : 
horrible killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist we must get tough 
take a look at what happened w/ bill clinton the system is totally rigged does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence ?
bill clinton's meeting was a total secret nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter
the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple i want to make america great again !
the very dishonest  @ nbc news  refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign done deal !
one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich selling out america 
why would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president ? she will destroy them ! 
the story with hillary will never change 
for reasons only they can explain the  @ uschamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better
tremendous day in massachusetts and maine thank you to everyone for making it so special !
new q poll out we are going to win the whole deal and make america great again !  # trump2016 
why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters ?
the  @ uschamber must fight harder for the american worker china and many others are taking advantage of us with our terrible trade pacts
iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i'm sure he would do a good job if he was the media makes everything up !
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states
yet another terrorist attack this time in turkey willthe world ever realize what is going on ? so sad
benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure it justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with clinton
 @ kridan1 :  canceled cable  sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over clinton  listened to your great speech on youtube
 @ cnn is all negative when it comes to me i don't watch it anymore
the media is unrelenting they will only go with and report a story in a negative light i called brexit hillary was wrong watch november
crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong i said leave will win she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement only a question of time
hillary clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo ! she is spending a fortune i am spending very little close in polls !
people in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win it is time for change  and jobs !
the  @ abc poll sample is heavy on democrats  very dishonest  why would they do that ? other polls good !
crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry shows me hitting shot but i never did  lie ! was there to support son
george will one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago has left the republican partyhe's made many bad calls
obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs that ends when i am president !
i have never liked the media term 'mass deportation'  but we must enforce the laws of the land !
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values  # americafirst
so funny crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the uk all talk no action !
many people are equating brexit and what is going on in great britain with what is happening in the us people want their country back !
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit  she went with obama  and now she is saying we need her to lead she would be a disaster
selfdetermination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see
just arrived in scotland place is going wild over the vote they took their country back just like we will take america back no games !
congratulations to my son eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding turnberry and its great ailsa course always support kids !
leaving now for a one night trip to scotland in order to be at the grand opening of my great turnberry resort will be back on sat night !
meet the amazing mother whose letter i read during my speech she lost her son to policies supported by clinton 
here is another cnn lie the clinton  news  network is losing all credibility i’m not watching it much anymore  
cnn which is totally biased in favor of clinton should apologize they knew they were wrong  
our inner cities have been left behind we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border
 @ allegrettivicki :  you have great children future presidentsand we all see were raised right and out there for their father thank you
crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief ! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy !
hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays
i am the king of debtthat has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country i made a fortune off of debt will fix us
how can hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk ?
i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton
when i said that if within the orlando club you had some people with guns i was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
 @ djohnsonpga we are so proud of you dustin your reaction under pressure was amazing first of many majors you are a true champion !
how can the ny times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed ? so totally dishonest !
the convention in cleveland will be amazing !  
thank you on my way !  
people very unhappy with crooked hillary and obama on jobs and safety ! biggest trade deficit in many years ! more attacks will follow orlando
amazing crowd last night in dallas  more spirit and passion than ever before today all over the great state of texas !
i will be meeting with the nra who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns
the press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people !
thank you to the lgbt community ! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs
american must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening
saudi arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton foundation cont'd :  
i thought people weren’t celebrating ? they were cheering all over even this savage from orlando i was right 
based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting trump campaign we are hereby :   
i am no fan of president obama but to show you how dishonest the phony washington post is :  
i am watching  @ fox news  and how fairly they are treating me and my words and  @ cnn and the total distortion of my words and what i am saying
i will be going to new hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday 2 : 30  pm 
i have been hitting obama and crooked hillary hard on not using the term radical islamic terror hillary just brokesaid she would now use !
what has happened in orlando is just the beginning our leadership is weak and ineffective i called it and asked for the ban must be tough
 @ wandawalls20 realdonaldtrump please make us safe we cannot have hillary as president we will be in so much trouble
clinton made a false ad about me where i was imitating a reporter groveling after he changed his story i would never mock disabled shame !
really bad shooting in orlando police investigating possible terrorism many people dead and wounded
riley rone was a great young man we will miss him dearly 
don king and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought i was a racist !
mitt romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog now he calls me racistbut i am least racist person there is
pocahontas is at it again ! goofy elizabeth warren one of the least productive us senators has a nasty mouth hope she is vp choice
thank you roseanne very much appreciated 
how long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that upand where are your 33000 emails that you deleted ? 
crooked hillary clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else obama plus !
as expected the media is very much against me their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win !
bernie sanders must really dislike crooked hillary after the way she played him many of his supporters because of trade will come to me
 @ daledangler realdonaldtrump you will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  thanks
i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents she had one !
nobody is watching  @ morningjoe anymore gone off the deep end  bad ratings you won't believe what i am watching now !
thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech i could feel the electricity in thr air great reviews  most votes ever recieved
i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9 : 00  pm  the movement toward a country that wins again continues
see when i said nato was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit
i am getting bad marks from certain pundits because i have a small campaign staff but small is good flexible save money and number one !
crooked hillary clinton has not held a  news  conference in more than 7 months her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions !
just like i have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish  # 1 so too should our country we can be great !
people like  @ katyturnbc report on my campaign but have zero access they say what they want without any knowledgetrue of so much of media !
hillary clinton is unfit to be president she has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record change !
i am watching  @ cnn very little lately because they are so biased against me shows are predictable garbage ! cnn and msm is one big lie !
the clinton  news  network sometimes referred to as  @ cnn is getting more and more biasedthey act so indignanthear them behind closed doors
thank you attorney general gonzales so many people feel this way 
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010
the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful !
many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful trump supporters in san jose were illegals they burned the american flag and laughed at police
great evening in san jose other than the thugs my supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile
in crooked hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact not honest !
then on june 25th back to the usa to make america great again !
so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan we will both be working very hard to make america great again !
crooked hillary no longer has credibility  too much failure in office people will not allow another four years of incompetence !
after the litigation is disposed of and the case won i have instructed my execs to open trump u ? so much interest in it ! i will be pres
with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes  and i mean real monsters ! no more hrc
do you ever notice that  @ cnn gives me very little proper representation on my policies just watchednobody knew anything about my foreign p
bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement !
crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of emails many missing !
so i raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad ! they do anything to belittle  totally biased
i am getting great credit for my press conference today crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days
katie couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc
so many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised/gave ! it was my great honor  they do an amazing job
i have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great veterans and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so watch !
i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge gonzalo curiel who is totally biased against me
i hope everyone had a great memorial day !
i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than crooked hillary if i only had one opponent instead of sixteen broke record
have a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again !
 @ frankylamouche :  how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east
the endorsement of me by the 16500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate nice !
in getting the endorsement of the 16500 border patrol agents thank you the statement was made that the wall was very necessary !
obama says a wall at our southern border won't enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at wh
if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent say good bye to the supreme court !
bill kristol has been wrong for 2yrsan embarrassed loser but if the gop can't control their own then they are not a party be tough r's !
good  news  is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics b/c i stand 100 behind everything we do
heading to dc to see and hear rolling thunder amazing people that love our country great spirit !
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country ! we love them
don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign the only quote that matters is a quote from me !
i am always on the front page of the failing  @ nytimes but when i won the gop nomination i'm in the back of the paper very dishonest !
i we broke the alltime record for most votes gotten in a republican primary  by a lot  and with many states left to go ! thank you
the us has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders how nice but what do we get ? not enough
thank you  @ billyjoel many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg appreciate it love your music !
today we together won the republican nomination for president ! 
i find it offensive that goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be native american to get in harvard
thank you washington ! honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history
the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag the rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals !
a suggestion for the dishonest media 
i just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the fec even the dishonest media thinks great !
amazingly with all of the money i have raised for the vets i have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media
much of the money i have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups
is hillary really protecting women ? 
in trade military and everything else it will be america first ! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal :  make america great again !
the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists !
bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race  email scandal !
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam which horribly oppresses women ?
why do the networks continue to put dopey  @ billkristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs ?
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad ! would be four more years of stupidity !
crooked hillary said that i  want guns brought into the school classroom wrong !
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country you are our true heroes !  # armedforcesday 
make america great again ! 
 @ cnn is so negative getting even worse as i get closer just had two antitrump losers with zero rebuttal from my team turning off !
crooked hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed no more guns to protect hillary !
while our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the tsa is falling apart just like our government ! airports a total disaster !
failing  @ nytimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad every article is unfair and biased very sad !
i am on my way ! see you all soon ! 
crooked hillary can't even close the deal with bernie  and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary four more years of this ? no way !
look where the world is today a total mess and isis is still running around wild i can fix it fast hillary has no chance !
crooked hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina isis china russia and all would love for her to be president 4 more years !
i said that crooked hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement  bernie said the same thing !
looks like yet another terrorist attack airplane departed from paris when will we get tough smart and vigilant ? great hate and sickness !
my list of potential us supreme court justices was very well recieved during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list !
bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats  the system is rigged against him many of his disenfranchised fans are for me !
congratulations to the movement we have just won the great state of oregon the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated ! thank you
michael barbaro the author of the now discredited  @ nytimes hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me he should resign
well that is it well done megyn  and they all lived happily ever after ! now let us all see how the movement does in oregon tonight !
will go back on for a final question now !
 @ maittag :   great interview ! happy you had a chance to show the other side of you never change never forget you are our messenger !
 @ sandrar67758219 realdonaldtrump you are a fighter and we love that about you ! don't listen to these people who want you to change !
wall street paid for ad is a fraud just like crooked hillary ! their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it apologize ?
do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal ? if she can't win kentucky she should drop out of race system rigged !
i look forward to watching  @ megynkelly tonight 8  pm  et it will be interesting to see how she treats me—i think she will be very fair
how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta the worst economic deal in us history ?
crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economyif so he should runnot herwill he bring the energizer to dc ?
amazing that crooked hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the worst abuser of woman in us political history
the pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line you can tell them to go blank themselves  was about china not women !
wow 30000 emails were deleted by crooked hillary clinton she said they had to do with a wedding reception liar ! how can she run ?
what barbara res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back i said no
i gave a woman named barbara res a top ny construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty so much for a nice thank you !
in politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in us history !
the writer of the now proven false story in the  @ nytimes michael barbaro who was interviewed on cbs this morning was unable to respond
over 50 women were interviewed by the  @ nytimes yet they only wrote about 6 that’s because there were so many positive statements
the failing  @ nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women
with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing  @ nytimes hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud !
the  @ nytimes is so dishonest their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by rowanne brewer who said it was a lie !
that was an amazing interview on  @ foxandfriends  i hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the  @ nytimes is !
bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the dems the system is rigged against him he should run as an independent ! run bernie run
the media is really on a witchhunt against me false reporting and plenty of it  but we will prevail !
why did the failing  @ nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that i was so proud to have helped with their careers dishonest !
wow i have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing  @ nytimes piece massive front page for that !
everyone is laughing at the  @ nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and womeni gave them many names of women i helpedrefused to use
the failing  @ nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me all are impressed with how nicely i have treated women they found nothing a joke !
wow  @ cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible very unprofessional hurting in ratings  bad television !
if crooked hillary clinton can't close the deal on crazy bernie how is she going to take on china russia isis and all of the others ?
an incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person ihave such tremendous respect for thank you sheldon ! 
senator lindsey graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more !
in interview i told  @ ap that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election !
if the people of massachusetts found out what an ineffective senator goofy elizabeth warren has been she would lose !
goofy elizabeth warren has been one of the least effective senators in the entire us senate she has done nothing !
i don't want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary his time will come !
big wins in west virginia and nebraska get ready for november  crooked hillary who is looking very bad against crazy bernie will lose !
it was so great being in nebraska last week today is the big dayget out and vote !
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position
why does the media with a strong push from crooked hillary keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes exactly opposite !
get out and vote nebraska we will make america great again !
get out and vote west virginia we will make america great again !
i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current !
i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party despite having to compete against 17 other people !
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did !
 @ drmoore  russell moore is truly a terrible representative of evangelicals and all of the good they stand for a nasty guy with no heart !
i will win the election against crooked hillary despite the people in the republican party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me !
crooked hillary just can't close the deal with bernie it will be the same way with isis and china on trade and mexico at the border bad !
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning enjoy !
i am honored that the great men and women of the  @ teamsters have created a movement from within called teamsters for trump ! thank you
crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me
thank you to teachers across america ! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now
paul ryan said that i inherited something very special the republican party wrong i didn't inherit it i won it with millions of voters !
so many great endorsements yesterday except for paul ryan ! we must put america first and make america great again !
unlike crooked hillary clinton who wants to destroy all miners i want wages to go up in america we will do so by bringing back jobs !
thank you west virginia let's keep it going go out and vote on tuesday  we will win big  # trump2016
many reports that i will be attending the alvarez/khan fight this weekend in vegas totally untrue ! unfortunately i have other plans
i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie !
what a great evening we had so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him !
thank you indiana we were just projected to be the winner we have won in every category you are very special peoplei will never forget !
will be in south bend indiana in a short while  big rally ! see you soon !
i will be campaigning in indiana all day things are looking great and the support of bobby knight has been so amazing today will be fun !
everybody is talking about the protesters burning the american flags and proudly waving mexican flags i want america first  so do voters !
crooked hillary clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation actually she has done poorly with such men !
i watched sen graham  @ facethenation why don't they say that i ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support ?
i will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies see you there !
the economy is bad and getting worsealmost zero growth this quarter nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs make america great again
the protesters in california were thugs and criminals many are professionals they should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement !
 @ ac360  anderson so amazing your mother is and always has been an incredible woman !
we are now at 1001 delegates we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged !
crooked hillary clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers !
thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics !
 @ annettejeanne :  i cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states i was so happy ! i really adore you mr trump so much
getting the strong endorsement of the great coach bobby knight has been a highlight of my stay in indiana big speech tomorrow with bobby !
i am in indiana where we just had a great rally fantastic people ! staying at a holiday inn express  new and clean not bad !
thank you for the endorsement coach bobby knight ! i will never forget it !
thank you ! we will make america great again ! 
how bad is the new york times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly always trying to belittle paper has lost its way !
make america great again !
the cruzkasich pact is under great strain this joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead very dumb !
on the way to the great state of rhode island big rally then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night !
kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him typical politician  can't make a deal work
shows how weak and desperate lyin' ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses
lyin' ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one shows weakness !
wow just announced that lyin' ted and kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the republican nomination desperation !
i am happy to hear how badly the  @ nytimes is doing it is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down becoming irrelevant !
i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally things are looking good for tuesday !
as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton i will win !
i had a great day campaigning in connecticut looking for a big vote on tuesday !
lynne ryan  just read your great story in the ny times  i am proud of you thanks ! 
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country stop them now :  
will be spending the day campaigning in connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries i will stop this fast !
i met prince on numerous occasions he was an amazing talent and wonderful guy he will be greatly missed !
both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify !
senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race he said kasich should get out for same reason i think both should get out !
i will be doing the  @ todayshow with my wife melania and the rest of my family in a major town hall hopefully it will be fun ! enjoy7am
thank you maryland what a great way to conclude the day ! will be back soon  # trump2016 
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana !
ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do i will beat hillary !
make america great again ! 
thank you new york i will never forget !
 @ cnn is so negative it is impossible to watch terrible panel angry haters bill oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me !
who did the house task force onurgent fiscal issues call when america needed help ? 
a big day for new york and for our country ! make america great again !
new york we will make america great again ! 
kasich only looks ok in polls against hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed zero negative ads against him
i would have millions of votes more than hillary except for the fact that i had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named bernie !
crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me i am the one person she doesn't want to run against will be such fun !
i'll be in one of my favorite places this morning staten island big crowd will be fun !
make america great again !
the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses knew i would win with the voters
biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting !
 @ wvtts1017 realdonaldtrump just listened to you on fox i love you so much  thank you !
the people of colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians biggest story in politics this will not be allowed !
how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary ? great anger  totally unfair !
i win a state in votes and then get nonrepresentative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz campaign bad system !
the  @ nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately i want other nations to pay the us for our defense of them we are the suckersno more !
bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president based on her decision making ability i can go along with that !
isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight
looks like i was right about nato i had no doubt 
jennifer is a terrific person 
so great to be in new york catching up on many things remember i am still running a major business while i campaign and loving it !
it is so great to be back home ! looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage long island !
wisconsin we will make america great again !
make america great again !
make america great again !
wow great  news  from wisconsin just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight thank you ! 
a great day in wisconsin many stops many great people ! melania is joining me on monday big crowds make america great again !
 @ gopjenna :  i don't care about the game i care about the people and that's exactly why we the people love you so much !  # trump2016
 @ fox news  should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack !
 @ heytammybruce thank you for your nice words on fox today they never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with !
wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if i win all of the bad things happening in the us will be rapidly reversed !
i will be in wisconsin until the election jobs trade and immigration will be big factors i will bring jobs back home  make great deals !
is it possible for  @ megynkelly to cover anyone but donald trump on her terrible show she totally misrepresents my words and positions ! bad
make america great again ! 
can you believe that ted cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a wisconsin ad talking about trade ?
we must build a great wall between mexico and the united states ! 
just had a very nice meeting with  @ reince priebus and the  @ gop looking forward to bringing the party together  and it will happen !
make america great again !
why is this reporter touching me as i leave  news  conference ? what is in her hand ? ? 
this was the reporters statement when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune 
victory press conference was over why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions ? can i press charges ? 
why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape ?
i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc
after the way i beat gov scott walker and jeb rand marco and all others in the presidential primaries no way he would ever endorse me !
 @ pauladuvall2 :   cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say if you're for motherhood he'll be against it !
just released that international gangs are all over our cities this will end when i am president !
ted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to pay fair share a must !
the united states cannot continue to make such bad onesided trade deals there are only so many jobs we can give up no more !
just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruzlawsuit coming
why can't the pundits be honest ? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again i will make it strong and great !  jobs !
happy easter to all have a great day !
my statement on nato being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the us are now finally receiving plaudits !
wow sleepy eyes  @ chucktodd is at it again he is do totally biased the things i am saying are correct  far better vision than the others
remember i am the only candidate who is selffunding while i am given little credit for this by the voters i am not bought like others !
don't believe the  @ fox news  polls they are just another phony hit job on me i will beat hillary clinton easily in the general election
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in us jobs are leaving i will make our economy strong again  bring in jobs
nobody will protect our nation like donald j trump our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong illegals out !
lyin' ted cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with the national enqwere caused by me i had nothing to do with story !
the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite !
the media is so after me on women  wow this is a tough business nobody has more respect for women than donald trump !
wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me how am i still number one  by a lot ?
just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the trump u case but the press refuses to write about it if i lostmonster story !
make america great again ! 
europe and the us must immediately stop taking in people from syria this will be the destruction of civilization as we know it ! so sad !
just announced that as many as 5000 isis fighters have infiltrated europe also many in us  i told you so ! i alone can fix this problem !
explain how the women on the view which is a total disaster since the great barbara walters left ever got their jobs  @ abc is wasting time
 @ theview tv show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on i tell them no
hillary clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years time for a change i will solve  and fast !
it is amazing how often i am right only to be criticized by the media illegal immigration take the oil build the wall muslims nato !
remember when i recently said that brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing  @ nytimes wrote a critical article i was so right !
these politicians like cruz and graham who have watched isis and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better !
it is amazing how  @ lindseygrahamsc gets on so many tv shows talking negatively about me when i beat him so badly zero in his pres run !
 @ missi51 realdonaldtrump thank god is not a politician but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of nato why ? it is time to renegotiate and the time is now !
nato is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on !
make america great again !
i want to thank  @ realsheriffjoe for all of his help in our historic arizona win could not have done it without you joe !
while i believe i will clinch before cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race !
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november paving the way for many great supreme court justices !
much bigger win than anticipated in arizona thank you i will never forget !
incompetent hillary despite the horrible attack in brussels today wants borders to be weak and openand let the muslims flow in  no way !
obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger ! shame
i have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody and it’s not even close hopefully az and ut will be voting for me today !
make america great again !
president obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in cuba especially in the shadows of brussels he is being treated badly !
do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place brussels was not anymore it is from a different world ! us must be vigilant and smart !
 @ barrong510 realdonaldtrump the media is corrupt ! we the people are fighting with you
so the highly overrated anchor  @ megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but i can't fight back ? wrong !
why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my rallies  are never blamed by media ? sad !
the rallies in utah and arizona were great ! tremendous crowds and spirit just returned but will be going back soon
 @ andreatantaros you are a true journalistic professional i so agree with what you say keep up the great work !  # makeamericagreatagain
if crazy  @ megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank she is so average in so many ways !
crazy  @ megynkelly says i don't won't go on her show and she still gets good ratings but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me !
reading  @ nytdavidbrooks of the ny times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him dummy !
while i have never met  @ nytdavidbrooks of the ny times i consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits he has no sense of the real world !
why haven't they released the final missouri victory for us yet ? could it be because cruz's guy runs missouri ?
i guess i have reached yet another ceiling   497 with four people my highest reuters poll yet ! thank you ! 
do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants ? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets !
mitt romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue no wonder he lost !
failed presidential candidate mitt romney the man who choked and let us all down is now endorsing lyin' ted cruz this is good for me !
with millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up can anyone explain this ?
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life !
make america great again !
looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio two more days and ohio was mine !
see you in arizona on friday and saturday 
please explain to the dummies at the  @ wsj  editorial board that i love to debate and have won according to drudge etc all 11 of them !
 @ wsj is bad at math the good  news  is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me !
the reason lyin' ted cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liarsa big problem !
great  news  that  @ fox news  has cancelled the additional debate how many times can the same people ask the same question ? i beat cruz debating
i am making a big speech the night of the  @ fox news  debate but i wish everyone well yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins !
thank you to the governor of florida rick scott for your endorsement i greatly appreciate your support !
is this what we want for a president ? 
 @ reptommarino  great job on television this morning glad to have you on my side !
 @ pastormarkburns you were great last night and we all very much appreciate it ! thank you !
i only wish my wonderful daughter tiffany could have been with us at maralago for our great election victory she is a winner !
word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads i had a massive victory in florida numbers out soon !
a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida ? hope this is false
i will bring our jobs back to the us and keep our companies from leaving nobody else can do it our economy will sing again
in presidential voting so far john kasich is zero for 22 so why would he be a good candidate ? hillary would beat him i will beat hillary !
ohio is losing jobs to mexico now losing ford and many others kasich is weak on illegal immigration we need strong borders now !
watching john kasich being interviewed  acting so innocent and like such a nice guy remember him in second debate until i put him down
please remember i am the only candidate who is selffunding his campaign kasich rubio and cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists !
i will bring our jobs back to america fix our military and take care of our vets end common core and obamacare protect 2nd a build wall
rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the us senate in many years he will never make america great again !
sadly this kind of stuff even happened to ronald reagan there is nothing nice about it !  # makeamericagreatagain 
look forward to being in tampa this afternoon wonderful crowds thank you florida !
the failing  @ nytimes is truly one of the worst  news papers they knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check really bad people !
thank you kevin with unification of the party republican wins will be massive ! 
bernie sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events be careful bernie or my supporters will go to yours !
usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage he has ties to isis should be in jail ! 
do the people of ohio know that john kasich is strongly in favor of common core ! in other words education of your children from dc no way
it is clinton and sanders people who disrupted my rally in chicago  and then they say i must talk to my people phony politicians !
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump  and that is fact !
we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida on behalf of little marco rubio no way to run a country !
make america great again !
on my way to dayton ohio will be there soon !
the rally in cincinnati is on media put out false reports that it was cancelled will be great  love you ohio !
ohio had the biggest budget increase in the us if it were not for striking oil they would be bust ! governor kasich in favor of tpp fraud !
the organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our first amendment rights in chicago have totally energized america !
dr ben carson i concur i believe in god who can change people he can make any of us better @ realbencarson
wow you are all correct about  @ fox news   totally biased and disgusting reporting
this was a great evening i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support
word is i am doing very well in michigan and mississippi ! wow and with all that money spent against me ! will be going to trump jupiter now !
the negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total  # mediafraud when you watch remember !
mitt romney had his chance and blew it lindsey graham ran for president got zero and quit ! why are they now spokesmen against me ? sad !
remember i am the only one who is selffunding my campaign all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests !
make america great again !
ted cruz was for welcoming syrian refugees before he was against it
cruz came to mississippi there was nobody there he left the state i had a rally in madison ms with 10000 ! thank you !
thank you idaho ! i love your potatoes nobody grows them better as president i will protect your market 
it was great being in michigan remember i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the usand protect car industry !
we cannot let the failing republican establishment who could not stop obama twice ruin the movement with millions of  $'s in false ads !
all of the phony tv commercials against me are bought and payed for by special interest groups the bandits that tell your pols what to do
nancy reagan the wife of a truly great president was an amazing woman she will be missed !
david brooks of the new york times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all he doesn’t have a clue
romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr stuart stevens are all over tv telling people how to win but they lost don't know how to win !
thank you kansas ! the line going into the orlando event is over a mile long massive crowd expected leaving kansas now be there soon !
will be in orlando florida this afternoon 25000 people expected this is a movement like our great country has never seen before !
for all of today's voters please remember that i am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign i am not bought and paid for !
great time last night in louisiana big and energetic crowd go out and vote now polls open make america great again !
i am in kansas will be an exciting day big speech this morning in wichita and then go to caucus sorry cpac the format was fine !
rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer not true not my pilot ! guy owned helicopter company don't think i ever even used
on my way to see the great people of maine will be landing in portland in 2 hours look forward to it !  # trump2016
 @ blt21muttrades :  people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you not gonna happen  # maga
 @ creativexwalk realdonaldtrump teaching the gop how to lose four years ago was not enough now romney wants to do it again
the phony lawsuit against trump u could have been easily settled by me but i want  to go to court 98 approval rating by students easy win
why did mitt romney beg me for my endorsement four years ago ?
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton i am not a mitt romney who doesn't know how to win hillary wants no part of trump
why would the great people of florida vote for a guy who as a senator never even shows up to vote  worst record marco rubio is a joke !
i have brought millions of people into the republican party while the dems are going down establishment wants to kill this movement !
 @ malski1954 :  i changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you the gope needs a reality check our country is at stake
looks like twotime failed candidate mitt romney is going to be telling republicans how to get elected not a good messenger !
 @ johnsmi01433966 :  the establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off
because of me the republican party has taken in millions of new voters a record if they are not careful they will all leave sad !
i would love to see the republican party and everyone get together and unifyvideo :  
just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten barrack obama 2/2
i am going to repeal and replace obamacare ! read more about my positions on healthcare reform here :  
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millionswe are creating a larger stronger party !
marco rubio lost big last night i even beat him in virginia where he spent so much time and money now his bosses are desperate and angry !
the special interests and people who control our politicians puppets are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent tv ads on me
make america great again !
got the endorsement of brian france and  @ nascar yesterday in georgia also many of the sports great drivers thank you nascar and georgia !
i am self funding my campaign and only work for you the american people ! # trump2016 video :  
our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do video :  
why would the people of texas support ted cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them he is another all talk no action pol !
making a big speech in alabama today so many people we had to move to a football stadium ! come and join us !
i am the only republican who will get large numbers of dems and indies crossover i will also get states that no other republican can get
while i hear the koch brothers are in big financial trouble oil word is they have chosen little marco rubio the lightweight from florida
it was an honor to be the grand marshall in the salute to israel parade back in 2004 
just watched lightweight marco rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record he is not as smart as cruz and may be an even bigger liar
i started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the world amazing !
fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version  amazing people !
tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit after the audit no problem !
i unfairly get audited by the irs almost every single year i have rich friends who never get audited i wonder why ?
what i would do on my first day in office  # makeamericagreatagainwatch :  
never let them see you sweat ! 
wow every poll said i won the debate last night great honor !
why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit !
have a good chance to win texas on tuesday cruz is a nasty guy not one senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done loser !
 @ restorereality :  tonight you proved to america you are the real deal you took fire from all sides stayed composed returned fire and won !
all the online polls have me winning the debate i really enjoyed the evening not easy but good 
fmr pres of mexico vicente fox horribly used the f word when discussing the wall he must apologize ! if i did that there would be a uproar !
mitt romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns dope !
ted cruz is lying again polls are showing that i do beat hillary clinton head to head check out 
 @ gricecindy :  that's why we are angry the republican establishment will not support you you are who the american people want !
when ted cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear i will get most of his votes  no problem !
when mitt romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win !
mitt romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy
the polls show that i picked up many jeb bush supporters that is how i got to 46 when others drop out i will pick up more  sad but true
make america great again ! 
in all of television the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory was dopey  @ karlrove he should be fired !
 @ melaniatrump did great on television this morning poised smart and strong with a big heart  so much to offer we are all proud of you !
make sure you get on the trump line and are not mislead by the cruz people they are bad ! be careful
club for growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars i told them no and now they are doing negative ads
i am growing the republican party tremendously  just look at the numbers way up ! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past
ted cruz does not have the right temperment to be president look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm bad !
ted cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in sc he is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration
just saw the phony ad by cruz  totally false more dirty tricks he got caught in so many lies  is this man crazy ?
ted cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false  no basis in fact take ad down ted biggest liar in politics !
it is so important to audit the federal reserve and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done
many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry !
i hear the rickets family who own the chicago cubs are secretly spending $'s against me they better be careful they have a lot to hide !
the reason that ted cruz lost the evangelicals in sc is because he is a world class liar and evangelicals do not like liars !
i am in las vegas at the best hotel by far trump international i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada !
a number of months ago i was not expected to win south carolinated cruz was and yet i won in a landslide  every group and category win !
i will be live on all of the major morning talk shows enjoy !
thank you  @ sarahpalinusa for your amazing help and support big win leaving now for atlanta and nevadathe people of south carolina got it !
what a great night thank you south carolina a special place with truly amazing people ! love
people pundits gave me no chance in south carolina now it looks like a possible win i would be happy with a one vote victory ! hope
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands vote now today and make america great again !
i wonder if president obama would have attended the funeral of justice scalia if it were held in a mosque ? very sad that he did not go !
i am the only candidate in many years who is selffunding his campaign lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates !
make america great again !
just finished two major speeches in south carolina big crowds great people going for a third now !
i’m selffunding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates
response to the pope : 
i love being in south carolina we are leading big in all of the state polls  saturday is a big day make america great again !
the just out usa today national poll where i lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup i beat both hillary and bernie
amazing that while i lead by big numbers in the new q and and usa today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony wsj/nbc poll
jeb bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses he wants to look cool but it's far too late 1 in nevada !
 @ fox news  is so biased it is disgusting they do not want trump to win all negative !
i will beat hillary easily but lindsey graham says i won't and yet he got zero against me no cred ! why does fox put him on ?
 @ lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace saying the most horrible things about me on  @ fox news 
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i would never be president  this from perhaps the worst president in us history !
why does  @ megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative ?  without me her ratings would tank get a life megyn !
 @ brithume thinks that when republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up all of that vote the fact is i will get much of it !
explain to  @ brithume and  @ megynkelly who know nothing that i will beat hillary and win states and demindie votes that no other r can !
spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in south carolina great people and spirit today will be more of the same
i will be in south carolina all week saturday is big big big ! get out and vote  make america great again
funny that jeb ! didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last namethen mommy now brother !
wow in the new cbs poll i went way up into the forties ! thank you !
thank you for your support ! together we will make america great again ! 
i will be on face the nation with john dickerson on cbs this morning enjoy !
thank you ! i miss my father  
love the people of south carolina  look very much forward to the debate tonight
the rnc which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying trump wants you to contribute to the rnc
i am the only one who can fix this very sad will not happen under my watch !  # makeamericagreatagain 
just got back from tampa it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd  fantastic people ! will be in south carolina tomorrow
 @ by  @ tedcruz good i want to see the court decide what i was always told natural born means  born on american soil
nothing conservative about the club for growth coming into my office and demanding a $1m contribution which naturally they did not get
how can ted cruz be an evangelical christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest ?
we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me we are watching !
he or she who hesitates is lost :  make america great again !
remember it was the republican party with the help of conservatives that made so many promises to their base but didn't keep them ! hi dt
i have been consistent in my opposition to common core get rid of common core keep education local !
i was referring to the fact that jeb bush wants to keep common core
so funny jeb bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer  i assume that is a compliment !
such a great experience in new hampshire  amazing people ! will be leaving for a big event in south carolina today
thank you to the people of  new hampshire i love you ! now off to south carolina
we will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into new hampshire from our open southern border we will build a wall and have security
we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare  and nobody can do that like me we will save $'s and have much better healthcare !
isis is making big threats today  no respect for usa or our leader  if i win it will be a very different storywith very fast results
you can find your polling locations at :  
make america great again !
the polls are now showing that i am the best to win the general election states that are never in play for repubs will be won by me great !
noone has done more for people with disabilities than me i have spent many millions of dollars to help outand am happy to have done so !
i know the governors and jeb bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot his family used private eminent domain !
now that bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super pacs sad !
america needs strong leadership politicians can talk but they don’t get things done video :  
so far the super bowl is very boring  not nearly as exciting as politics  make america great again !
i will be on meet the press with chuck todd on nbc this morning enjoy ! 
 @ joenbc :  cruz really seems out of his element in new hampshire it is such a different battlefield then iowa and the south
i love new hampshire  will be an exciting evening !
wow jeb bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me not nice !
i said this was happening long ago i will stop this immediately ! 
it never ends !  
i told you so our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals 
such great support in new hampshire so many people are working so hard to  # makeamericagreatagain !
i very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in new hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake it will be an incredible evening !
big storm in new hampshire moved my event to monday will be there next four days
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me he would be so easy to beat !
cruz just lied again i am and have been totally against  # obamacare repeal and replace !
the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated a total fraud !
the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting votergrade of f and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz fraud
many people voted for cruz over carson because of this cruz fraud also cruz sent out a voter violation certificate to thousands of voters
ted cruz didn't win iowa he stole it that is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated bad !
 @ 93101dianne  @ realdonaldtrump if you can do that well in iowa then i see you acing it in all other significant states momentum is growing
i don't believe i have been given any credit by the voters for selffunding my campaign the only one i will keep doing but not worth it !
i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the medialater in new hampshire big crowd
the media has not covered my longshot great finish in iowa fairly brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history !
my experience in iowa was a great one i started out with all of the experts saying i couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place nice
it all begins today  we will finally take our country back and make america great again !
it is time to take back our country and make america great again ! # caucusfortrump video :  
i am in iowa will be interviewed on this week with  @ gstephanopoulos  this morning enjoy !
if i would have done the last debate a record would have been set instead of the poor ratings recieved also vets got $6000000
by not doing the failed poorly rated debate i was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness  while raising $6000000 for vets
i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife melania after church i will be making two speeches and touring the state !
the cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation they are now under investigation bad !
i will be in iowa all day and until tuesday morning finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will make america great again !
thank you to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in iowa !  # caucusfortrump 
 @ oreillyfactor  the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights as i will do for the us also got $6000000 for our vets !
 @ fox news  is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night $6000000 raised in one hour for our vets
 @ bensasse looks more like a gym rat than a us senator how the hell did he ever get elected greta
the new email release is a disaster for hillary clinton at a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president ?
getting ready to take off for nashua new hampshire big crowd will be there soon fun !
good morning america ! thank you for all of your support in the latest drudge poll ! 
thank you for your support !
thank you for the kind words tonight  @ omarosa you were great ! see you soon !
i will take care of the veterans who have served this country so bravely # thankavet video :  
it is my great honor to support our veterans with you ! you can join me now thank you !  # trump4vets
being politically correct takes too much time we have too much to get done !  # trump2016 
the debate tonight will be a total disaster  low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock i hate to see this
 @ laurencristmann realdonaldtrump why do they have so many debates this year ? ? also why is cruz still allowed to run he's not eligible
wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at drake university
 @ dukeofbc :    @ megynkelly debate cruz one on one i would just tell him that you were to busy running for the president of usa not canada
on greta 87 of the people said they would not watch the debate if i'm not in it wow what an honor !
even though i beat him in the first six debates especially the last one ted cruz wants to debate me again can we do it in canada ?
just got to listen to rush limbaugh  the guy is fantastic !
i refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct instead i will only call her a lightweight reporter !
for the great people of iowa find your  # iacaucus location at 
why doesn't phony   @ bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotelsdidn't like paying
cruz lies are almost as bad as jeb's these politicians will do anything to stay at the trough !
ted cruz is a nervous wreck he is making reckless charges not caring for the truth ! his poll  # 's are way down !
i want to win for the people of this great country the only people i will owe are the voters  # trump2016 video :  
it's time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada or get out of race
i will be on face the nation this morning at various times across the us  @ cbs news   enjoy !
love making correct predictions national review is over 
word is that crying  @ glennbeck left the gop and doesn't have the right to vote in the republican primary dumb as a rock
serious doubt in illinois as to whether or not cruz can run for president first of many challenges 
 @ williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement you are a fantastic guy ! it will not be forgotten don and eric say hello !
for the great people of iowa find your  # iacaucus location at 
based on  @ megynkelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate
ted cruz poll numbers are down big because he was born in canada and was until recently a canadian citizen many believe he cannot run !
i am in iowa watching all of these phony tv ads by the other candidates all bull politicians are all talk and no actionit won't happen !
 @ anncoulter has been amazing we will win and establish strong borders we will build a wall and mexico will pay we will be great again !
i am in iowa will be making two speeches today good luck to all of the great folks on the east coast enjoy the beauty of the storm !
a wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it i am for the people and the people are for me  # trump2016 
cruz did not renounce his canadian citizenship as a us senator only when he started to run for  # potus he could be canadian prime minister
the only reason irrelevant  @ glennbeck doesn't like me is i refused to do his failing show  asked many times very few listeners  sad !
 @ brentbozell one of the national review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog why doesn't he say that ?
the tax scam washington post does among the most inaccurate stories of all really dishonest reporting
leaving nevada now for iowa things are looking good  great new polls !
the dying  @ nro national review has totally given up the fight against barrack obama they have been losing for years i will beat hillary !
 @ lisamilicaj :  truth be told i  never heard of the national review until they tried to declare war on you no worries you got my vote !
after spending $89 million  @ jebbush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls he is ashamed to use the name bush in ads low energy guy !
the failing  @ nro national review magazine has just been informed by the republican national committee that they cannot participate in debate
the late great william f buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying national review !
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead
national review is a failing publication that has lost it's way it's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low sad !
new day on cnn treats me very badly  @ alisyncamerota is a disaster not going to watch anymore
15k in ok ! had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them ! so much love in the crowd ! thanks ! 
really disgusting that the failing new york times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories
wow new polls just out have trump up and cruz down  he is a nervous wreck !
i don't think ted cruz can even run for president until he can assure republican voters that being born in canada is not a problem doubt !
ted cruz is falling in the polls he is nervous people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks !
far more killed than anticipated in radical islamic terror attack yesterday get tough and smart us or we won't have a country anymore !
in iran deal we get 4 prisoners they get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list this will create great incentive for others !
when will  @ tedcruz give all the new york based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him
everybody that loves the people of new york and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like ted cruz out of politics !
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage ?
ted is the ultimate hypocrite says one thing for money does another for votes 
based on the fact that ted cruz was born in canada and is therefore a natural born canadian did he borrow unreported loans from c banks ?
oh no just reported that ted cruz didn't report another loan this one from citi wow no wonder banks do so well in the us senate
was there another loan that ted cruz forgot to file goldman sachs owns him he will do anything they demand not much of a reformer !
ted cruz was born in canada and was a canadian citizen until 15 months ago lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow i told you so
more radical islam attacks today  it never ends ! strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart no more being politically correct
just got back from iowa  had a great time with amazing people will be back soon !
jeb bush who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero just got graham endorsement graham quit at o
do you think iran would have acted so tough if they were russian sailors ? our country was humiliated
united states looks more and more like a paper tiger won't be that way if i win !
sadly there is no way that ted cruz can continue running in the republican primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility dems will sue !
iran toys with us days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars don't release money we want our hostages back now !
numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton in a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in us historyi get most new voters !
the state of the union speech was one of the most boring rambling and nonsubstantive i have heard in a long time new leadership fast !
just found out that  @ tedcruz is spending a fortune on iowa push polls negative to me not nice but ok ! new polls are great
on my way to cedar falls iowa now will be greati love the people of iowa !
face the nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years congratulations and wow cbs news   @ jdickerson
 @ megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by trump she is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her !
 @ ringlingbros is retiring their elephants the circus will never be the same
great job on fox this morning  @ katiepavlich i am sending out for your book immediately thank you very much !
union leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the abc  news  debate like a dog for starters try getting a new publisher !
this is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates i said it should not be allowed and abc agreed
i am pleased to announce that i had the union leader removed from the upcoming debate 
remember get time magazine ! i am on the cover take it out in 4 years and read it again ! just watch
in the just out  @ fox news  poll i easily beat hillary clinton  and i havn't even focused on her yet on our way :  make america great again !
yesterday in iowa was amazing  two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds they love that i am the only candidate selffunding !
i want to thank the people of iowa for an unbelievable day the crowds were amazing will be back tuesday !
2/2 david brilliantly tells it like it is  the real deal ! read it ! 
1/2 time magazine has me on the cover this week david von drehle has written one of the best stories i have ever had
thank you so much earnest must have been a great person 
 @ jonahnro watched on  @ seanhannity and appreciate your statements  i have been waiting for them for a long time thank you
south carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting and fun i am now off to iowa for two big rallies  packed houses love it !
great even in sc tonight ! fire marshall would not let everyone in 5000 turned away thank you for coming !
on my way to south carolina big crowd look forward to it !
 @ rlbenney realdonaldtrump you did great and showed courage going to burlington no other gop candidate would do what you did tonight !
we could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in the movement to make america great again is unbelievable ! 
i have an idea for  @ jebbush whose campaign is a disaster try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it !
i will be in beautiful burlington vermont tonight for a rally will be great fun make america great again !
germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country new years eve was a disaster think !
i am in new hampshire just received great  news  from reuters poll thank you for your support ! 
 @ mark98z realdonaldtrump mr trump this was your best most energized one to date  and i have watched most of them well done
i look forward to being in lowell massachusetts today i hear a very big crowd is expectedwe will have lots of fun !
 @ rhettriley1234 :  trump only wins with our votes we must grow trump nation and do our part vote this is our time
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her just watch
does anybody remember when bill clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for hillary ? she lost ! now bill is at it again just watch
hillary said that guns don't keep you safe if she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm !
hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a dt video the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate
just returned from mississippi  a great evening
just arrived in mississippi for the rally word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive will be an amazing evening !
when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware  the candidates are mere puppets $$$$ !
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women !
hillary clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president jeb bush is a low energy individual but hillary is not much better !
hillary clinton said that it is ok to ban muslims from israel by building a wall but not ok to do so in the us we must be vigilant !
 @ jebbush is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls has no chance !
 @ jebbush is a sad case a total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on trump hit ads !
thank you so much to 
the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is by far me it will be the largest voter turnout ever  she will be swamped !
 @ codyraymille :  i have never been interested in politics but because of you i want to get my political science degree  # trump2016  great !
i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night  hear the crowds are going to be massive ! look forward to it
well the year has officially begun i have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around !
happy new year from  # maralago ! thank you to my great family for all of their support 
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year we must all work together to finally make america safe again and great again !
do you believe that the state department on new year's eve just released more of hillary's emails they just want it all to end bad !
i would feel sorry for  @ jebbush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
people ask why do you tweet and retweet to millions about  @ jebbush when he is so low in the polls ? because of his big $ hit ads on me !
 @ jebbush has spent  $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls i have spent almost nothing and am at the top win hughhewitt
a great day in south carolina record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm this is now a movement to make america great again !
a lovely letter from the daughter of the late great john wayne our country could use a john wayne right now 
the dying  @ unionleader  news paper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them like a bully that got knocked out !
 @ hammetjohn :  donaldtrump  how do u do it donald no one could keep up with u at your pace shows how hard u will work for us as president
 @ videosigninc realdonaldtrump keep the momentum going mr trump all the best to you for the new year make america great again  ! thanks
iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people i'm now in florida getting ready to go to south carolina big crowd very exciting
the great people of new hampshire who i love are not properly served by the dying union leader  news paper
shows how dumb joe mcquaid  @ deucecrew of the dying union leader is to put out the letter i wrote saying why i didn't do his failed debate !
we need a real president ! 
my campaign for president is $35000000 under budget i have spent very little and am in 1st placenow i will spend big in iowa/nh/sc
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008 he was terrible failed badly and was called a racist !
 @ ijnipgm :  no casualties just victory victory and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart we love god and usa
wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few  and people have lost faith in our leaderswe need smart and strong leadership now !
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries we now are part time sad ! i will fix !
the middleclass has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of  and no  effective raise in years bad
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women's card on me she's wrong !
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump we need a real president to get things done and that's why we want you !  thank you
straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late stupid !  rnc
 @ berniesanderswho blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her email crime said that i feel wages in america are too high lie !
the voters the republican party of virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory the dems love it ! be smart and win for a change !
 @ cac8438 :  he supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that trey gowdy is going to campaign with him
 @ mitchellvii :  face it trey gowdy failed miserably on benghazi he allowed it to drag out and in the end let hillary get away with murder
i will do far more for women than hillary and i will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to dono strength/stamina !
 @ greta :  if the insurance companies are making lots of money and the  #  of uninsured is still largeobamacare is a failure since so expensive
a new terror warning was issued for european cties at what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart weak leaders !
criminal deportations in the us are the lowest number in many years we are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country must change !
the phoenix va it has just been reported is in worse shape than ever before the wait is horrendous and people are dying i will fix it
the same people that said i wouldn't run or that i wouldn't lead or do well 1st place and leading by 21 now say i won't beat hillary
 @ chucktodd is so dishonest in his reportingand to think he was going off the air until i came alongno ratings i will beat hillary !
when will the democrats and hillary in particular say we must build a wall a great wall and mexico is going to pay for it ? never !
our great veterans are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the va that will stop i will fix this quickly !
we have many problems in our house country ! and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay make america great again !
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally politics !
 @ deedeesorvino was great today on  @ fox news   she gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly have her on more !
merry christmas to all have a great day and have a really amazing year together we will make america great again ! it will be done !
i am now in palm beach florida and will be going to church tonight make america great again !
next year will be an interesting one i look forward to running against hillary clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly
in the ridiculous  @ jebbush ad about me jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn't allow my answer which destroys him  so sad !
hillary said i really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign i deplore the death and destruction she causedstupidity
hillary when you complain about a penchant for sexism who are you referring to i have great respect for women be careful !
it is hard to believe i am winning by so much when i am treated so badly by the media  new  @ cnn poll amazing in all categories 21 pt lead
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card
we need a president with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again !
it is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong sad !
when i said that hillary clinton got schlonged by obama it meant got beaten badly the media knows this often used word in politics !
will  @ jebbush in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate ?
 @ jebbush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy will never work !
weak and low energy  @ jebbush whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy
video from michigan last night after asking for months the media panned their cameras ! 
getting ready to leave for michigan  will be an amazing evening ! see you there
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by isis there is no video
thanks  @ andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts big progress is being made keep up the great work !
a suicide bomber has just killed us troops in afghanistan when will our leaders get tough and smart we are being led to slaughter !
getting ready to go to the great state of michigan big crowd tonight make america great again !
hillary said with respect to isis we are finally where we need to be do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership ?  maga !
i demand an apology from hillary clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate there never was a video
very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant i sold it 6 months ago for a record price this would never have happened !
 @ jebbush today said he didn't want to be the frontrunner he would rather be where he is now 2 that is the talk of a loser can't win !
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night not very presidential !
 @ gstephanopoulos stupidly believes that hillary wants to run against me because she said so she says that so people believe it  opposite !
president obama spends so much time speaking of the socalled carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to hawaii on a massive old 747
see sanders backed hillary on emails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus but failed disloyal person !
thank you for all of your support ! most importantly  we need to get everyone out to vote !  # votetrump2016 
the last thing our country needs is another bush ! dumb as a rock !
 # isis is making $400m/year on oil i have been saying it for years we need to bomb the oil ! 
there is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as  # potus  # trump2016 
 @ glennbeck got fired like a dog by  # fox the blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show i said no  because he is irrelevant
jeb bush had a tough night at the debate now he'll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad's
thank you for the nice words  @ ktmcfarland the debate was interesting and fun keep up the great work !
 @ markhalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics others do and those are the people you want to follow !
thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night all polls agree it was fun and interesting !
 @ conradmblack :  many thanks donald and all good wishes in helping to clean up the american government honored to be your friend c
i am in trump international hotel las vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight look forward    hope i get treated fairly !
i wonder if  @ megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight no matter how well i do  bad !
 @ megynkelly is very bad at math she was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and cruz in the new monmouth poll 41to14
thank you  @ hardballchris for your nice words they are very much appreciated i fully understand that you really get it
people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems !
i was disappointed that ted cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it well welcome to the wonderful world of politics !
i did interview with chris wallace of  @ fox news  in order to be fair he then puts on rove lane and will three trump bashers to discuss
many think that the championship course at turnberry home of the duel in the sun will be the worlds best after the renovation
a very good nbc/wall street journal poll was just released wherein i went up from last month and am in the lead nice !
 @ danawhite  great job last night  very exciting ! you have come a long way from those difficult early days i am proud of you
people that have read it tell me that  @ karlrove book is terrible and boring save your money !  @ fox news  should can him no credibility !
 @ peggynoonannyc interesting article but i will beat hillary easily people that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me !
something must be done with dopey  @ karlrove  he is pushing republicans down the same old path of defeat don't fall for it karl is a loser
i will be on cnn's  state of the union tomorrow morning at 9ame 
reports say  # isis now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country i told you so 
getting the support of  @ danawhite of ufc means a lot a total winner who has done an amazing job just ordered his fight to watch tonight !
 @ franklingraham so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you ! heading to big crowd in south carolina !
 @ keeblerqueen realdonaldtrump good lord  donald your following went up so much lately  crazy love for you and what you stand for !
just got back from iowa great people !
i had a great time in des moines iowa tonight ! thank you for all of the support  # trump2016 
tom ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process i will win !
 @ chucktodd is a nice guy  but just hopeless he knows so little about politics and in particular winning !  i fixed his rating problem
 @ morningjoe just went off the rails i will beat hillary easily  she does not want to run against me i am tuning them out waste of time
 @ tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open  more fun that way !
looks like  @ tedcruz is getting ready to attack i am leading by so much he must i hope so he will fall like all others will be easy !
great evening last night in  new hampshire got the endorsement from the new england police union  big  territory great people ! thank you
 @ fox news  frankluntz :  time for the republican establishment to accept the fact that trump is not only a viable candidate but lead is real
 @ edwardscristy realdonaldtrump i hope that you will be the next potus
thank you to  @ franklingraham i have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever !
the politicians of the uk should watch katie hopkins of daily 
the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  muslim problem everybody is wise to what is happening very sad ! be honest
i have decided to postpone my trip to israel and to schedule my meeting with  @ netanyahu at a later date after i become president of the us
our visa system is broken like so much else in our country we better get it fixed really fast make america great again !
wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof !
 @ megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me really weird she's being driven crazy !
thank you  @ oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been  @ time magazine's person of the year you should run time !
thank you piers they don't know what they're getting into  
 @ mayornutter of philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to melow life !
i am signing copies of my book crippled america makes a great holiday gift order yours now !  
i told you  @ time magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president we need strong and super smart for our next leader  or trouble !
 @ usafordjtrump realdonaldtrump  @ cnn mr trump you need to get some rest we need you to stay healthy so that you can be our president !
wow what a day so many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into us
our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism we better get very smart and very tough fast before it is too late !
despite my great respect for king abdullah ii i will not be visiting jordan at this time this is in response to the false  @ ap report
prior to the end of the year i will be traveling to israel i am very much looking forward to it
a very big poll is coming out at 6  pm  in new hampshire will be very interested in the results
 @ genemcgee6 realdonaldtrump  @ seanhannity is so great towards you just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you he is great 
i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll thank you !
i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa in the end i believe the final results will be even better than that !
if  @ amazon ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag the  @ washingtonpost scam is saving it !
nyc has the worst mayor in the united states i hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime ! disgrace
i spoke with other candidates to a jewish group many friends in dc i said i'm a negotiator like you got standing orated best of day !
obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes what sport is he talking about and who ? is obama profiling ?
 @ wiggintonrandy realdonaldtrump he will never say it therefore he will never have a solution !
well obama refused to say he just can't say it that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists
should have gone after the oil years ago like i have been saying
wish obama would say isis like almost everyone else rather than isil
is that all there is ? we need a new president  fast !
 @ jfk4701 realdonaldtrump he is reading off the teleprompter  but that is ok in this case
the podium in the oval office looks odd ! not good but the words will be the key
i will be retweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets make them good great ! important stuff
order my book crippled america for your holiday gifts i will be signing books for the next two weeks ! 
 @ brookslawbrooks  thank you so much for your nice words i will make you look very smart !
so how did i do on face the nation ?
watch face the nation  will be on now !
was going to do a phoner this morning with  @ jaketapper on  @ cnn but they could not get their phone equi pm ent to hook in will do next week
wonder if obama will ever say radical islamic terrorist ?
raleigh north carolina was fantastic last night such incredible spirit we all want to and will make america great again !
the horrible shooting that took place in san bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about why didn’t they report ?
i invite you to join my campaign to make america great again ! sign up to volunteer ! 
thank you new hampshire ! great people  see you next week ! 
great to see the construction of the old post office on penn ave going fast  under budget ahead of schedule !
thank you so much for the wonderful article robert davi 
 @ derektheeight :  will be interesting to see how many times jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found
 @ patrickanna realdonaldtrump you can definitely thank god for you health stamina strength and all the good things in your life ! true !
i consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assetsthe world has watched me for many years and can so testifygreat genes !
congratulations on the great job done by police and law enforcement on the california shootings give credit where credit is due
 @ theratzpack pattondivision if only we had a leader like this we will soon donaldtrump will look out for the interests of americans
heading to manassas virginia for a rally will have a moment of silence for the victims of the california shootings so sad !
 # teamtrump police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others go police
california shooting looks very bad good luck to law enforcement and god bless this is when our police are so appreciated !
i beat hillary in the new  @ fox news  poll head to head  she has no strength or stamina both of which are needed to make america great again !
the truth continues to come out after 14 years a truth that many in the media did not want to tell  # trump2016
 @ hyperbolicx realdonaldtrump i just signed up in support of your campaign on your website 
you would think a paper like the washington post would be fair and objective for the record almost all polls showed i won all debates
what is obama thinking ? 
i want to thank all my friends in macon for the special evening and great reception what a crowd of incredible people !
a great night in macon georgia ! thank you for all of the support together we will  # makeamericagreatagain ! 
we need a great leader now ! 
we better be vigilant careful and strong  
how is chris christie running the state of nj which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in nh ? new jerseyans not happy !
wow the msm is really going after me 12000 in sarasota a love fest hardly a mention only one negativity  they only want negatives !
after my meeting with the pastors it's off to georgia for a big rally  many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement !
just watched cookie roberts on  @ abc her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility just another sad case
 @ cnn has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowdso totally onesided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
i will be on  @ meetthepress in an interview with  @ chucktodd on sunday morning so much to talk about !
the sarasota florida rally today was amazing 12000 people chanting their love for our country it's going to happen this is a movement !
 @ cnn kayleigh mcenany was great on you network today you should have her  on more often ! thank you kayleigh for your nice words
virtually noone has spent more money in helping the  american people with disabilities than me will discuss today at my speech in sarasota
the reporter who pulledback from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun i don't know what he looks like and don't know him !
i will be going to sarasota florida today for a big rally with amazing people ! i have one goal on mind :  make america great again !
 @ margaretcrowth1 realdonaldtrump so like the media to make something out of nothing don't let them sidetrack from the message
i do not know the reporter for the  @ nytimes or what he looks like i was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago !
happy thanksgiving to all have a great day and look forward to the future we will make america great again !
so since the people at the  @ nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write incompetent !
the  @ nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control with unfunded liabilitiesbig trouble !
 @ keepingreal :  so good to see the  @ realdonaldtrump family out with him on the campaign trail ! it really shows the family man that he is !
south carolina was so great last night will be back soon !
what is frank vandersloot getting for agreeing to back marco rubio ? last victim was mitt romney  see how that turned out
 @ bradpaisley came up to see me a really nice and talented guy 
republicans must stop relying on losers like  @ karlrove if they want to start winning presidential elections be tough and get smart !
 @ port3star jdiamond1  @ cnnpolitics you know he has great vision the very best many people have told him so thousands of people !
heading for ohio  really big crowd of amazing people ! much to talk about !
hillary there is nothing to laugh about 
going to columbus ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands the silent majority is no longer silent !
 @ ap has one of the worst reporters in the business   @ jeffhorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face
hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things she is strong on corruption  corruption is what she's best at !
we better get tough with radical islamic terrorists and get tough now or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy !
13 syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the us through the southern border how many made it ?  we need the wall !
great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one thank you !
ccolvinj  @ ap is one of the truly bad reportersworking for an organization that has totally lost its way stories are fictional garbage
 @ heytana great job  we are all proud of you !
a woman who got fired after two days of working with scott walker  a wacko  now trying to raise funds to fight me
we're stuck with the worst mayor in the united states too bad but new york city will survive !
people are really liking my new book crippled america check it out !
 @ 2timeslucky :   no one can take  @ realdonaldtrump down because it is the will of the people for him to win !
 @ geraldsoelz :  awesome  news  keep your focus on the issues you just might get more blue collar democrats to vote for you than reagan
just got back from south carolina going to alabama tomorrow !
under our president isis is gaining great strength 
the media must denigrate isis at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it these are low level degenerates not masterminds !
john kasich fell right into president obama’s trap on obamacare and the people of ohio are suffering for it shame !
doesn’t help kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else   he’s almost last
i loved beating john kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last !
kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in new hampshire and his numbers have gone down people from nh are smart !
watch kasich squirm  if he is not truthful in his negative ads i will sue him just for fun !
i want to do negative ads on john kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money
john kasich despite being governor of ohio is losing to me in the ohio polls pathetic !
john kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me
the police in paris did a fantastic job very brave  not easy !
how does ben carson survive this problem – really big similar story on front page of new york times  
one of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great  @ ap they have lost their way and are no longer credible
what is our president doing ? 
refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country who knows who they are  some could be isis is our president insane ?
i along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in president obama he has a horrible attitudea man who is resigned to defeat
so many great polls like reuters  big leads everywhere new hampshire really special ! we will win big and make america great again !
remember i was the one who said attack the oil isis source of wealth a long time ago everyone scoffed now they're attacking the oil
tom brady just did it again he is not only a great guy he is without question the best quarterback !
president obama just told president putin how important the russian air strikes against isis have been i told you so !
 @ realreagan0503 :  if you missed it here is the most popular link among people i follow 
 @ vanityfair magazine is doing really poorly it has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it's former allure !
we need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever !  make america great again !
i had a great time in texas yesterday a tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people will be back soon !
when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism ? he  can't say it and unless he will  the problem will not be solved !
i think everyone will like my new and very successful book crippled america go get it and let me know what you think !
hillary and sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former mayor of baltimore doing on that stage ? o'malley is a clown
why won't president obama use the term islamic terrorism ? isn't it now after all of this time and so much death about time !
 @ marioposillico realdonaldtrump you need to win for not just america but for humanity
we need much tougher much smarter leadership  and we need it now !
president obama said isil continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in paris he is just so bad ! change
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks may god be with you all
they laughed at me when i said to bomb the isis controlled oil fields now they are not laughing and doing what i said  # trump2016
great honor to be inducted into the nj boxing hall of fame last night thank you ! timing could not have been better ! 
why does the failing  @ wsj write a false editorial about me and let dummy  @ karlrove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper ?
we as a country either have borders or we don't if we don't have borders we don't have a country !
why wouldn't the  @ wsj call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong no wonder it is doing poorly !
when and how are the dummies at the  @ wsj going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect editorial on me i want smart trade deals
the  @ wsj editorial board is so wrong so often they got info from an incorrect story in another pub why not watch and listen to debate
 @ wsj editorial board should review my debate statement re china and tpp and apologize china not part but will get their way in later
today's  @ wsj editorial is wrong again i know that china is not in the new tpp trade deal but would come in latter through a back door
all seven online polls including drudge and time with thousands of respondents said i won the debate  @ krauthammer said i was so so
i never said that china was in the bad tpp trade deal but that china would come in the back door at a later date  @ cnn  @ foxbusiness
just returned home from the great state of new hampshire have made so many friends therespecial place !
happy veterans day to those who have served thank you for your special work
go out and buy crippled america :  how to make america great again doing really well great thanksgiving or christmas present !
 @ jezzak :  if the trump hotel honoluld.c.ny reflection how you would be as president then i think the us will be in good hands thank you !
 @ betsymccaughey thanks so much really appreciate your comments  i will help the veterans like no one else   
thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on  @ nbcsnl saturday night live best ratings in 4 years !
i am at the saturday night live studio  electricity all over the place we will be doing a tweeting skit so stay tuned !
 @ borntobegop realdonaldtrump you want them here legally and they want to be here legally !
 @ realcinders2 realdonaldtrump use snl to tell hispanics you are for them  you want them to have jobs and be here legally great idea !
they are saying that tickets to tonight's saturday night live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show ! off to a good start !
saturday night live has some incredible things in store tonight the great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic ! enjoy
would be nice if  @ jmartnyt learned how to read the polls before writing his next story probably done on purpose but not good reporting !
 @ billkristol has become a sad case his magazine is failing badly probably doesn't have long to go and his predictions are always wrong !
happy birthday to the great  @ billygraham he's done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family i love billy !
 @ bobforbes2 :  donaldtrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do he keeps his promises 
 @ ajdelgado13 thank you so much for the nice words and supportreally enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts
with ben carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and pyramids built for grain storage  don't people get it ?
florida ethics commission advocate comes down hard on rubio so do two people who worked with him said he used the wrong credit card ! sure
a great honor to easily finish first in the  @ fox news  poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner !
 @ sandrajenners :  i love to see the respect you have shown to your parents siblings and children proven respect and class needed in usa !
the carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worsetrying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend !
isn't it terrible that  @ megynkelly used a poll not used before ibd when i was down but refuses to use it now when i am up ?
 @ megynkelly used this poll nobody else did when i was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that i’m up ? 
now that iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the us
while in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear :   that hillary does not want to run against trump
if jeb bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with marco in the debate bad facts for marco if properly delivered !
marco rubio will not win weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight
i told you in speeches months ago that jeb and marco do not like each other marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to jeb as his mentor !
jeb's new slogan  jeb can fix it i never thought of jeb as a crook ! stupid message the word fix is not a good one to use in politics !
few people know that   @ fortunemagazine is still in business tell your writer  alisa soloman that i left the apprentice to run for president
 @ realollietaylor realdonaldtrump no one would have watched the debates if trump had not  been in them
no complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if i wasn't in them ? interesting question !
support coach kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field liberty institute just suspended him !
just left virginia where i unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great veterans ! they will be very happy ! 
the  @ wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them look forward to it !
i told you so @ politico just lost it's top person poor results and no money to pay him if they were legit they would be doing far better !
i am leaving for norfolk virginia  the great battleship uss wisconsin  for a big rally and really big crowd see you soon !
the new nbc poll has me in first place but said i was third in the debate  i demand a recount just kidding ! every other poll had me  # 1
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event she looked lost this is not what we need with isis china russia etc
super pacs should be disavowed by anyone running for president they are a total scam on our system and country ! i am selffunding
wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing   @ politico how much longer  will they be around ? some very untalented reporters
i was  # 1 on twitter  and so positive thank you ! 
 @ derekcarlson :  people need to wake up mr trump you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states  # truth
thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance  it was a lot of fun ! today i will be speaking in reno nevada
 @ 8723g :  one thing i learned from  @ realdonaldtrump  :  sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make we will have strong deal makers
thank you  @ morningmika and  @ joenbc  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate !
the money losing  @ politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites losers !
thanks everyone they all said  i won the debate even won the  @ cnbc poll !
 @ cmrose111 realdonaldtrump   @ cnbc  get your polls straight trump is going to win he is the only one tough enough to run this country
does anybody think that  @ cnbc will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate sad !
after a great evening and packed auditorium in iowa i am now in colorado looking forward to what i am sure will be a very unfair debate !
 @ 2bigj realdonaldtrump a lot of people i know are voting trump in nc none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine
 @ bobd746847 :  there shouldn't be a problem with this election we the people finally have someone that speaks on our behalf trump2016
all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s they're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
re super pac scam :   what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace
ben carson wants to abolish medicare  i want to save it and social security
remember that carson bush and rubio are very weak on illegal immigration they will do nothing to stop it our country will be overrun !
do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in us who cares my supporters know the truth think what can be done as president !
word is that ford motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to mexico and stay in us
do you believe that  @ fox news  is still playing up the old iowa poll numbers and no mention of the abcwashington post or just out cbs results ?
watch my interview on  @ cbs news  face the nation now and also the new cbs polls which if good for me the media won't report !
ben carson has never created a job in his life well maybe a nurse i have created tens of thousands of jobs it's what i do
a big poll will be announced this morning on  @ cbs news   face the nation i wonder if i do well if the press will report the results ? doubt it
this is just not the right time for jeb bush his campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money  us govt
 @ bane1349 :  they all want jobs and a bright future they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a reality !
while jeb bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place ?
leaving for jacksonville now see you there ! miami was great
the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes
 @ ccorreia401 realdonaldtrump  @ blewthebigone well said we the people want the truth we the people want to make america great again
 @ blewthebigone :  the establishment can try all they want to keep  @ realdonaldtrump from winning they are not stronger than we the people ! !
 @ marcoinjersey :  i think america had enough of the faking and is ready for someone real just look at  @ realdonaldtrump
see the attack  very possibly could have been stopped we need real leadership and vision 
it's really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal man we could use a big fat dose of global warming !
best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way  @ megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat us is don't watch her show !
 @ rebelcapsgal realdonaldtrump thank you for speaking out against common core and how horrible it is for kids !
it's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the wall street journal in particular a real dope named charles lane !
i should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that penn  @ pennjillette hand delivered to me minds would be changed very fast !
 @ mittromney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost !
 @ mittromney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because i have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to obama !
jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the middle east by attacking iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction ? bad info ?
this morning chris wallace has the best political show on television  but that's only because i'm on it kidding ! have fun
jeb bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them also rubio is hitting him hard !
 @ mklloydva :  some of you already know i have made the jump to trump donald trump is the man that will win the gop
 @ hl3tweets :  jeb and marco owe it to their contributors to admit they have no chance of winning and figure out how to pay back everyone
good  news  for those that want to make america great again  i am winning every poll in every state and national  and by big numbers ! thanks
a great story in the new york post really well written !
russia and the world has already started to respect us again !
thank you  @ thefix for your very honest commentary one thing we do have great teams in ia nh sc and beyond 
 @ jebbush like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide !  # makeamericagreatagain
heading to boston to see another huge crowd ! my friend tom brady is a great competitor and golf partner 
 @ cnbc has just agreed that the debate will be two hours fantastic  news  for all especially the millions of people who will be watching !
 @ marcthiessen is a failed bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback a third rate talent !
why is the  @ gop being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the justaired and very boring  # demdebate ?
 @ cnbc is pushing the  @ gop around by asking for extra time and no criteria in order to sell more commercials
the  @ gop should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that  @ cnbc is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party
steven tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years good for him !
even though i have the legal right to use steven tyler’s song he asked me not to have better one to take its place !
will be going to richmond virginia today big crowd ! see you there
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me !
we need a strong leader and fast ! 
 # demdebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers
like her or not hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it her opponents were very gentle and soft !
the latest book on hillary—wow a really tough one ! 
check out oan and compare to what you are watching now !
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans  # demdebate
 @ julieruot :  i want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need  @ realdonaldtrump
sorry there is no star on the stage tonight !
the hardest thing clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including iraq vote emails etc
all are very scripted and rehearsed two at least should not be on the stage
who is winning the debate so far just last name ?  # demdebate
the trade deal is a disaster she was always for it !  # demdebate
 @ adamscottnow realdonaldtrumpif i have the  # demdebate on cnn but pay attention more to my phone does it still count as me watching it ?
get rid of all of these commercials  # demdebate
we will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight i will shoot straight and call it as i see it both the good and the bad enjoy !
 @ hapearce1 realdonaldtrump they need to take the debate slow a lot of low energy on the stage tonight i hope not !
should be interesting but too bad the three guys at ?1 will be taking up so much time   but who knows maybe a star will be born unlikely
it was just announced that i will be hosting saturday night live on nov 7th   look forward to it ! 
how can jeb bush expect to deal with china russia  iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in nh ?
so nice thank you very much  
sheldon adelson is looking to give big dollars to rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet i agree !
at the request of many and even though i expect it to be a very boring two hours i will be covering the democrat debate live on twitter !
thank you 
leaving soon after a great time in new hampshire a truly special place !
great everyone is saying i did much better on  @ 60minutes  last week than president obama did tonight i agree !
president obama was terrible on  @ 60minutes tonight he said climate change is the most important thing not all of the current disasters !
 @ clintgoodrich :  they used to call barry diller the father of ecommercewhat a joke that was  and that he is 100clueless on internet
just got back from georgia the crowds and love for us was so amazing ! we all had a great day together  will be back soon !
little barry diller who lost a fortune on  news week and daily beast only writes badly about me he is a sad and pathetic figure lives lie !
thank you georgia ! i had a great afternoon with all of you ! i will be back soon  # makeamerciagreatagain 
i'm leading big in every poll and we are going to win ! remember trump never gives up !
paul ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy the republicans should go for tough and very smart this time  no games !
markthey could use you  
thank you 
i was so happy when i heard that  @ politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune pure scum !
this man is the most dangerous political operative in america  via bloomberg politics  
 @ pennysingletary realdonaldtrump we know this and that's why you will be our next president  thank you
washington dc is such a mess  nothing works ! i will make america great again !  it's not going to happen with anyone else
great kevin mccarthy drops out of speaker race we need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job !
what a time we all had in iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd love them !
wow great  news  ! i hear  @ ewerickson of red state was fired like a dog if you read his tweets you'll understand why just doesn't have it !
wacky  @ glennbeck who always seems to be crying worse than boehner speaks badly of me only because i refuse to do his showa real nut job !
 @ graggquinton :   this is the size crowd you get when people care what you say trump in oklahoma  got even bigger 
iowa was amazing today great crowd great people thanks will be back soon !
 @ stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping romney to get destroyed by obama should have won !
if stuart stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to mitt romney don't waste your money arrogant guy but a zero !
ben carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims not fair !
don't ever forget we will together make america great again !
so so so important  make america great again !
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina
the incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension tpp is a terrible deal
for all of my fantastic  supporters and for the usa we are going to win and make america great again maybe greater than ever before !
i'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking would you ever get out ? they are just troublemakers i'm going to win !
 @ dgrant39107133 nathanpaul1975 clinton may go to jail but is still running for president ? 99 of people would be in jail for what she did
the people of tennessee yesterday were amazing thank you !
just leaving nashville tennessee had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people ! love nashville  back soon ! 
rubio was very disloyal to bush his mentor when he decided to run against him both said they love each otherthey don't  word is hate !
bush and rubio are finally attacking each other as i knew they would in order to be the last establishment man standing against megreat
thank you  @ megynkelly for the nice things you said about melania you will like her great heart and smart  always wanting to help people !
i was so looking forward to being in virginia beach virginia today the demand for tickets was amazing good luck with storm back soon !
just got back from new hampshire great crowd great people ! will be back soon !
 @ annieclarkcole :  how can anyone vote for hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security she is not to be trusted
interesting polls on who won the gop debate 
just read that trump has the largest and i add most enthusiastic crowds tonight i will be in new hampshire  the place will be packed !
carl icahn said this about me think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems
i hope when rand paul gets out of the race—he is at 1his supporters come over to me i will do a much better job for them
prediction :  rand paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him he will announce soon 1 !
do you believe this  iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners not 4 for 19 prisoners held by the us should have been let go with last deal !
wow the ratings for  @ 60minutes last night were their biggest in a year very nice !
i know you will enjoy reading my tax plan 
 @ yangkarl :  all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump
hope we all enjoy   @ 60minutes tomorrow night i do believe they will treat me fairly !
marco rubio is a member of the gang of eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration only changed when poll numbers crashed
lightweight senator marco rubio is very weak on immigration knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals !
 @ votetrump :   think about it when's the last time a prez actually did what he said ? trump does what he says will be greatest prez ever
just left oklahoma the most amazing crowd and people ! what a night !
 @ marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country
at the old post office 
i am now inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue  will be a great hotel soon off to the oklahoma state fair !
ahead of schedule and under budget ! will be in oklahoma tonight !
great reception in dc at the values voter summit now checking on my job at the old post office
 @ yayala19 politico when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions he is the most talented candidate
wow a really nice lead in new hampshire an increase since my last poll ! 
 @ politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets and that is saying something
despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly thank you to my amazing supporters !
so happy about my daughter  @ ivankatrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring congratulations !
wow ! what a great night thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to  @ stephenathome 
yogi berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy yogi will be missed 
i will be the featured guest on the season opener of   @ 60minutes this sunday there certainly is plenty to talk about !
just remember the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008 she was all in !
do you ever notice that lightweight  @ megynkelly constantly goes after me but when i hit back it is totally  sexist she is highly overrated !
yom kippur blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world  # yomkippur
 @ bradangsa :   trump is the only candidate telling the truth the gop is planning to stab trump in the back 
 @ wallenjeanine realdonaldtrump i can only watch hannity i think he is the only one in your corner
 @ themindwave :    @ fox news  im not sure why u r giving them this much importance they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed ! !
 @ richlowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads  he doesn't have a clue !
i am having a really hard time watching  @ fox news 
 @ blewthebigone realdonaldtrump can't even think what the race would be without you in it
 @ oreillyfactor why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old trump haters boring !
 @ oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including nbc  @ fox news  not good for me !
i got to know  @ scottwalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future
has the media picked up the new zogby poll that was just put out ? i doubt it ! 
jeb has been confused for forty years 
the  @ todayshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where i have a massive lead but instead used  @ cnn numbers where my lead is smaller
we are going to win and make america great again maybe better than ever before !
i am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far   much of the media is totally dishonest so sad !
there is no way that carly  fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems boxer killed her for senate in california !
on my way to iowa will be landing in des moines in two hours see ya !
christians need support in our country and around the world their religious liberty is at stake ! obama has been horrible i will be great
if i would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech a no win situation !
if someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue ? no chance !
this is the first time in my life that i have caused controversy by not saying something
am i morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him ? i don't think so !
looking forward to meeting the students of urbandale high school tomorrow 
i’ve just released my position papers on the second amendment 
thank you  
thank you to tom brady coach ditka coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive !
a great honor from somebody that knows how to win ! 
will be heading over to the debate soon can you believe  @ cnn is milking it for almost 3 hours ? too long too many people on stage !
 @ skulls2001 :  we are a cuban family from miami florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in miami great
i hope arnold s does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because i get a big percentage of the profits !
just finished the wonderful event on the uss iowa veterans for a strong america endorsed me such a great honor thank you !
little respected club for growth asked me for $1000000  i said no now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads !
am now in la will be going to the uss iowa at 5 : 30  pm  to speak to our great veterans and other friends !
loved dallas and the tremendous crowd last night will be back !
i will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the us again ! join me today info :  
speech in dallas went really well big and wonderful crowd just arrived in la big day tomorrow !
the event with me and  @ v4sa in la on 9/15 is turning out to be huge get your tickets before they're gone 
my opponents big bosseslobbyists and donorsare trying to do damage they will fail ! money down the drain !
thanks mark will be fun 
to all my fans sorry i couldn’t do the apprentice any longer—but equal time presidential run prohibits me from doing so love !
my honor thank you  
 @ doctrwang  @ cnn nice ! i love how trump has a way of putting people on the spot i wonder what cnn will do the veterans appreciate it !
why is someone like george pataki who did a terrible job as governor of ny and registers zero in the polls allowed on the debate stage ?
 @ daveinkeno :  mr trump sir this country is and has been on a path of self destruction and needs you to make america great again !
 @ edward1 : trump knows how to get things done he has guts to say what needs to be said he'll deal with putin more effectively than anyone
lightweight senator  @ randpaul should focus on trying to get elected in kentucky a great state which is embarrassed by him
 @ mlssthot realdonaldtrump :  ignore the losers and the haters you are  going to make this country great again
 @ colincavall :  you were a great sport on the show and i have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making america great again
 @ hamishp95 realdonaldtrump my dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you 
 @ governorperry is a terrific guy and i wish him well i know he will have a great future !
 @ robertjeffress i greatly appreciate your kind words last night on  @ fox news  have great love for the evangelicals  great respect for you
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again !
also tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa
 i only respond to people that register more than 1 in the polls i never thought he had a chance and i’ve been proven right
bobby jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore i have never met him…
wow i am ahead of the field with evangelicals am so proud of this and virtually every other group and ben carson just took a swipe at me
i had a great day in dc even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible iran nuke deal amazing crowd and enthusiasm !
man did jeb throw his brother under the bus last night on  @ colbertlateshow  probably true but not nice !
tomorrow in dc :  1  pm  west front lawn of the capitol not even believable that we would do this deal with iran
look forward to being in dc tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with iran
both washington dc and dallas are turning out to be really big events dc is protest of incompetent iran deal and dallas is big speech !
 @ georgeokc realdonaldtrump  @ libertyladyusa for my mind do whatever you think is right you have nothing to prove just save our nation
thank you  @ scottienhughes for your powerful words on  @ fox news  i am with the evangelicals and tea party big time we will all win  together !
 @ seanbolza :  sure hope you will do great things you are giving us something to look forward to and make america great again go trump
 @ club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000 when i said no they came out against me a scam operation ?
i will be in washington dc on wednesday1  pm in front of the capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with iran
our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like hillary or barack neither of which has a clue !
the phony club for growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 i said no is now wanting to do negative ads on me total hypocrites !
the hedge fund guys gals have to pay higher taxes asap they are paying practically nothing we must reduce taxes for the middle class !
by selffunding my campaign i am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists i am only working for the people of the us !
hillary clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter i have ever seen in fact it wasn't even see through glass it was black
saudi arabia was vehemently against the iran nuclear deal then today they embraced it what happened ? what did we give them to endorse ?
the dallas event in two weeks at the american airlines center is filling up fast get your tickets fast  before it is too late !
so nice thank you laura  
congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory tom is my friend and a total winner !
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made the us lost on virtually every point we just don't win anymore !
 @ brithume i am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with ben carson in one iowa poll i thought you knew thisthanks
when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nastywhat a waste of money that would have been
the president of the pathetic club for growth came to my office in nyc and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution i said no way !
i’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters
many super pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to “attack” trump remember when u see them
while millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates i am self funding
yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign will jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me ?
the just released public policy polling ppp  national result is the best yet make america great again !
150 clinton emails still contain classified information more sensitive when she was secof state this is a very big deal
president obama wants to change the name of mt mckinley to denali after more than 100 years great insult to ohio i will change back !
see i told you so 
this is no act of love as jeb bush said… 
for those that don’t think a wall fence works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the white house ? foolish people !
loved being with my many friends in tennessee the crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic i won the straw poll big !
great rally last night in massachusetts 2000 people at a house  must be a record ! unbelievable spirit to make america great again
a phony story that i am trying to buy a soccer team in argentina is untrue never even heard of the team—no interest ! 
who wants the endorsement of a guy  @ ericcantor who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of congress ?
the press has very inaccurately covered this event  see for yourself ! 
great job on  @ cnn tonight  @ heytana we are all proud of you ! also congrats on a great son  he is going places
just got back from iowa fantastic evening with truly fabulous people will be back again soon thanks !
heading to iowa to a packed house just released polls all first place are amazing thank you !
 @ governorpataki did a terrible job as governor of new york if he ran again he would have lost in a landslide he and graham zero in polls
asians are very offended that jeb said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics a mess !
in a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed asians
markets are crashing  all caused by poor planning and allowing china and asia to dictate the agenda this could get very messy ! vote trump
as i have long stated we are so tied in with china and asia that their markets are now taking the us market down get smart usa
new reuters poll just came out and has me at 32 highest number yetthe silent majority is back and we will make america great again !
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house would be the same old thing remember read my lips no more taxes greatness !
jeb bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body jeb just can't get it right !
jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women's health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing
now that i started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally  speaking up just politicians !
it has just been confirmed by  the city of mobile alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it   # 1for pol season
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone ? very sad !
thank you to the  @ washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in alabama last night it was a great evening !
 @ politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something they go out of their way to distort truth !
boston incident is terrible we need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect i would never condone violence
we are going to have a wild time in alabama tonight ! finally the silent majority is back ! 
how crazy  75 of all births in us are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year this must stop unaffordable and not right !
jeb bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies offensive now he wants to use it because i use it stay true to yourself !
alabama will shine tomorrow it will be a big and glorious day !
we are going to make our country so strong again so great again no more ripping off the united states we will make america great again !
thank you new hampshire ! together we will make america great again ! 
 @ wendyjfluga28 :  donaldtrump is an emblem of hope that the best is yet to come for america ! the good trump name will be proudly displayed
just got back from new hampshire amazing people we all had a great time together !
i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow the silent majority is taking our country back we will make america great again !
 @ jasondhorowitz  i am very proud of my sister your story was terrific thank you so much
i want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens silicon valley needs engineers etc
it does matter ! 
why does  @ fox news  keep george will as a talking head ? wrong on so many subjects !
the polls have been really amazingwe are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals ! 
i really enjoyed being at the iowa state fair the crowds love and enthusiasm is something i will never forget
 @ nicolledwallace  your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense  therefore you must be good !
just got back from the iowa state fair record crowds phenomenal people thank you iowa i will never let you down !
in the plane heading to iowa state fair will be great fun hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids
not under my watch 
 @ mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt he's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so
will be interviewed by  @ seanhannity tonight for the full hour hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree !
why is  @ randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres why should kentucky be back up plan ?
we must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration rampant problems will only get worse take back our country !
again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman get them out and build a wall !
 @ katrinacampins thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on tv also keep up the great work !
 @ brandenroderick i was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the mediai'm not surprised you're a special person
 @ omarosa you were fantastic on television this weekend thank you so much – you are a loyal friend !
enough is enough no more bushes ! 
 @ libsaredemfools realdonaldtrump :  no one knows more about business and the economy than you you are what's right for america !
i just realized that if you listen to carly fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache she has zero chance !
 @ commissarofgg :  you are being attacked from all sides yet you have the people's hearts just be calm and trust yourself we love you
 @ georgefrye realdonaldtrump finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government go donald !
almost universal support that trump won the debate only  @ fox news  is consistantly fighting the trump win and i got them the ratings !
 @ redstate i miss you all and thanks for all of your support political correctness is killing our country weakness
re megyn kelly quote :  you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever nose just got on w/thought
so many politically correct fools in our country we have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense !
the hatred that clown  @ krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say trump easily won debate
i look forward to tonight's debate  but look far more forward to making america great again it can happen !
 @ shelia1965a :   god bless you donald trump i am so glad you decided to run the democrats have run this country into the ground
 @ iuhoops2015  @ realdonaldtrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country not a right make america great again ! 
thank you 
do you notice that hillary spews out jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status ? she knows trump is her worst nightmare
 @ keeganbcall realdonaldtrump i support you because i know you are person who gets things done right this nation needs someone like that
 @ lanelynmil realdonaldtrump i have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and i believe i finally have one go donald thanks
 @ dancrocker foxandfriends  trump opens his mouth his numbers go up when hillary does it hers go down must be something to it
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them    albert einstein
new poll shows donald trump blowing everyone else out of the water 
 @ malachino :  how will anybody beat isis besides trump they have never made a deal with another country trump beats everyone all the time
i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc from the koch brothers puppets ?
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right  henry ford
wow some new and even greater pollsthank you !
thank you for your service !  
thank you  
i really like the koch brothers members of my pb club but i don't want their money or anything else from them cannot influence trump !
thank you 
how can a dummy dope like harry hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me be on tv discussing trump ?
i truly love all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies there is a great silent majority looming !
thank you  @ morningjoe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing daily beast off the air really cool !
so many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over tv and the media as though they have great djt insight know nothing !
 @ cnn  why is somebody beck i beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on donald trump all over television she knows nothing about me
lawyer elizabeth beck was easy for me to beat ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me got total win and legal fees
a nation without borders is not a nation at all we must have a wall the rule of law matters jeb just doesn’t get it
obama’s nuclear deal with the iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the middle east it has to be stopped
after all is said and done more is said than done  aesop
 @ thehill  @ realdonaldtrump the people of nh know what the american people know :  trump is the only one with any clue about how to fix things
thank you  @ scottienhughes for the great job you did on  @ cnn great energy and smarts ! i will not let you down
boston's mayor walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the olympics and then he gave up i don't want him negotiating for me !
we must build a wall to secure our border it will save lives and help make america great again ! 
 @ steverattner while i think you should have gone to prison for what you did i guess obama saved you but watch – i will win !
when people find out how bad a job scott walker has done in wi they won’t be voting for him massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess
always great to speak with veterans  our nation's heroes we will make america great again ! 
great success in iowa today fantastic sold out crowd will be back soon !
 @ scottwalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard not smart !
 @ shawnjohnson congratulations on your engagement  he is a lucky guy you are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple
big poll just out by  @ theeconomist has me in 1st place by a lot a great honor but we have a long way to go to make america great again !
getting ready to go to iowa today big crowd  will be a great day !
 @ paulkellysr  mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking we need to turn america around if we want to save her
it is time to send someone from the outside to fix dc from the inside let’s make america great again ! 
from an amazing day on the border in laredo 
arriving to check out the border 
i love bluffton sc what a great place  what great people
dc has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt we can’t send another politician to the white house 
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal ? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence
true 
 @ facingeast52 realdonaldtrump please be careful there the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there
 @ jaybaby63  mr trump thank you ! for having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you i want my country back !
 @ woodardralph31 gene70  @ macys we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words !
 @ patriot4657 megynkelly the other candidates are scared trump tells it like it is maybe rich but talks like he is an everyday joe
 @ frankluntz knows nothing about me or my religion came to my office looking for work i had no interest i will save the vets !
shouldn’t george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker ?
i'm going to the border tomorrow will be seeing some really brave people look forward to a big day !
 @ halangmanok :  will be the the leader that everyone wants ! cant be sold and speaks the truth ! everyone run ! 
 @ chr : donaldtrump reminds me of reagan his first timeeveryone was like is he for real yup ! libs hate him and make fun of him im on board
 @ jimlibertarian nbcnewyork  in god we trust and in donald we trust donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man !
 @ pvalk16 :  many are missing the point the us needs  @ realdonaldtrump to get things done instead they focus on sensation and media
i hear a failing new york  news paper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers so original  just one of many !
my response to the failing des moines register the ultra liberal paper that has no power in iowa 
rick perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border he should be ashamed of himself gov abbott has since been terrific
good luck to my new friends on your testimony in dc you are amazing people doing something so important stopping illegal immigration !
just got great national poll numbers  double digit lead !  thank you we will all make america great again !
 @ ileadliberty :  i truly love this land of the free and i know that donaldtrump will cut through the confusion and make america great again !
 @ biggritch :  the reason trump is the man he wants americans to work not illegal aliens they live better than we do illegally
 @ connorbaldwin21 realdonaldtrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and i love it
 @ erintighe realdonaldtrump your the only person who really wants to save america
 @ bxldgxng realdonaldtrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life you are the only person who can truly fix america
 @ lizaperri realdonaldtrump the more the media attacks you the more i know you are the right person for the job
this story is no longer about john mccain it’s about our horribly treated vets illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans
it was only after i informed nbc that i wouldn't do the apprentice that they became upset w/ me they couldn’t care less about “inclusion
 @ rtmatador trump says things that no one else would even consider saying i agree with him on the immigration situation i love honesty
we will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans
the ever dwindling  @ wsj which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically who cares !
 @ pgrant :  they can't handle you donald so want you out the race well good luckbecause we know you won't walk away ! give it to them
i will be making some very big campaign stops next week  big crowds and tremendous  energy !  make america great again
the republican party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat  just like the last two times !
a true piece about the standing ovations i got yesterday 
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk
john mccain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in phoenix he owes apology !
one of the reasons i am no fan of john mccain is that our vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians i will fix va quickly
why would anybody listen to  @ mittromney ? he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama by the wayso did john mccain !
that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care
it's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our veterans
i will make this right for our great vets !
all he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything
john mccain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for veterans to successfully manage their lives
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years
captured or not all our soldiers are heroes !
in addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our vets john mccain let us down by losing to barack obama in his run for president !
just left family leadership summit in iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people i will be back soon
i am now in iowa getting ready to speak people are always amazed to find out that i am protestant presbyterian great
made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd great spirit and amazing people make america great again !
we will no longer be silent we can take our country back ! let’s make america great again ! 
military lives matter ! end gun free zones ! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves ! this has to stop !
get rid of gun free zones the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance they were highly trained but helpless without guns
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today
 @ governorperry failed on the border he should be forced to take an iq test before being allowed to enter the gop debate
the thousands of people that showed up for me in phoenix were amazing americans  @ senjohnmccain called them craziesmust apologize !
we need leaders who can negotiate great deals for americans it is common sense let’s make america great again ! 
the iran deal poses a direct national security threat it must be stopped in congress stand up republicans !
no deal is better than a bad deal america out negotiated again   # iran
is this true about univision and fusion ? wow  
 @ danforc  as a legal immigrant i'm so glad someone standing up for us the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here thx
they are great people ! 
thank you 
 @ rasmussen news   @ weeklystandard  yea but you know the only problem i see ? the donald is the only one willing to tell it like it is ! !
 @ andydean2014 thank you you were great you can defend me anytime amazing job
i hope the boycott of  @ macys continues forever so many people are cutting up their cards macy's stores suck and they are bad for usa
i hear  @ pennjillette show on broadway is terrible not surprised boring guy penn without the apprentice  show would have died long ago
 @ houstonwelder :  donald trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is so true !
thank you piers 
who do you want negotiating for us ? 
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate steinlecome on presmake call !
a nation without borders is no nation at all we must build a wall let’s make america great again ! 
let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame it's time he has paid a big and very long price !
i am so happy that people are boycotting macy's 
have some fun with this 
el chapo comes to the us often thru our border—it's been revealed he has ca drivers license 
the joke around town is that i freed el chapo from the mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security
isn’t it interesting that now that i’m  # 1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old !
when will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement mexico is sending which turned out to be true ?  el chapo
el chapo and the mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the us
the us will invite el chapo the mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a us citizen because our leaders can't say no !
now that the mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc coming into the us comes over border !
i hear that sleepy eyes  @ chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved meet the press ? i can't imagine what is taking so long !
phoenix convention center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in a great day !
i will not be able to attend the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am campaigning in phoenix wishing all well !
getting ready to go to las vegas freedom fest  great crowd then on to amazing phoenix  that will be a total happening ! love america
has anyone seen the financials of  @ univision they are doing really badly too much debt and not enough viewers need money fast funny !
i love that thousands of people are boycotting  @ macys and cutting up credit cards no guts no glory this really backfired  love it !
our biggest problems are solved by growth we need a president who is a job creator let’s make america great again ! 
jeb bush just announced he raised over $100m everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of america !
iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs time to walk and double the sanctions stop payments !
obama and republicans are hollowing out our military now want to cut troop levels lowest level in over 20 years
the elites want common core so they can take education out of parental control no ! let's make america great again ! 
 @ erinedwards001  @ realdonaldtrump thank you for telling it how it is no one else will address these issues you have my vote
 @ rbern11162   @ sharneal  donald trump  keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target i support you completely
you mean george bush sends our soldiers into combat they are severely wounded and then he wants $120000 to make a boring speech to them ?
thank you  @ brentbozell  as you know i have been saying this for a long time 
 @ greta just read  @ realdonaldtrump going to phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on saturday that is correct i look forward to it
 @ caseybierer america needs to hear the truth keep it up mr trump you can help us make america great again never give up
 @ nataliegulbis  thank you for your support this morning on  @ golfchannel even more importantly play well this week ! say hi to all
people rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for mitt romney if i can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide
we have got to take our country back it's time !
 @ coachjman :  if the majority will bind together and support trump we will reverse the downward spiral the us is on 
thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their  @ macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into us
 @ tiffyluck realdonaldtrump god bless america and donaldtrump you have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with dc
 @ lendondonna realdonaldtrump bc our government are spineless we need someone who will stand their ground you have my support
i said simply that the mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to us
thank you  @ loudobbs news  i will be trying very hard to prove you right  great show !
it is time to create jobs for americans not dc we need a bold new direction let’s make america great again ! 
i appreciate the gop candidates who remain strong on border security they know i am right a nation without borders cannot survive
rick perry failed at the border now he is critical of me he needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants
miss universe paulina vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crownhypocrite
 @ reillycarole realdonaldtrump we all need to get out and vote for donald  we need a change and he is the man to bring it  thank you !
 @ realmarkjackson : trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed  # truthhurts
 @ judiejudyjudy macys i will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly u turned on donaldtrumpu have no spine
 @ veneziamatthew :  trump is the only real candidate he is only saying what we all know much crime comes from illegal immigrants fact !
why would republican candidates want the support of mitt romney he lost an election against obama that should never have been lost !
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women in front of her father in san fran get smart !
 @ roniseale :   the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs economy and our safety i am the only candidate who would build it
 @ flyonwall :  sucks when  @ realdonaldtrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it scares us
where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border 
our southern border is unsecure i am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it 
our southern border is totally out of control this is an absolutely disgraceful situation
a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation  president ronald reagan
wow huffington post just stated that i am number 1 in the polls of republican candidates thank you but the work has just begun !
mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the us mexico is killing us on jobs and trade wake up !
 @ numerologynow :  in my 37 years of life u are the 1st person i have ever supported running 4 the white house u will make america great again
 @ jharwood14 :  if reagan a hollywood actor was president then your chances are strong it sure would be nice to have an honest potus
as governor of texas rick perry could have done far more to secure the border  but that's ok i like him anyway governorperry
it is time to bring competence to washington it is time get results let’s make america great again ! 
 @ rebamoreland you must be doing something right cause the left has circled the war wagons stay strong in your convictions we love it ! !
 @ kosloffm  i really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean thx
a country must enforce its borders respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core we must build a wall ! 
 @ macys stock just dropped interesting so many people calling to say they are cutting up their  @ macys credit card thank you !
 @ jimstaricha :  mr trump i truly hope you are elected i strongly believe you have more than the skills required we need a professional
make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration even president obama agrees 
look what the president of nbc sent me recently about his stay in my las vegas hotel very loyal guy 
thank you ted 
i love the mexican people but mexico is not our friend they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade fight !
we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration without that we do not have a country also mexico is killing us on trade win !
 @ margie352 :  listen to what he says you will know in your heart it is the truth we are in a bad way he is the only one who gets it
 @ susanadana432 :  ldonaldtrump  @ amstaffbru keep telling it like it is you have the recipe for making the usa great again you have my vote
 @ margie352 realdonaldtrump i believe donald trump is the only one that can do this he has no skin in the game just his country
statement on relationship with nbc 
speaking at the city club of chicago sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list !… 
saudi arabia should be paying the united states many billions of dollars for our defense of them without us gone alwaleedbint
 @ jaguar11d realdonaldtrump have a great time in chicago today you are the best person for the job
univision apologized to me but i will not accept their apology i will be suing them for a lot of money miss usa contestants are hurt !
will be in chicago tomorrow for a record setting by far luncheon
 @ dattijulia realdonaldtrump i did not like you before but watching your interview on cnn you are the man
 @ freedomhaawk realdonaldtrump don't let them try to school you or try to rearrange you you have a mind of your ownstay sharp i will !
i'll be in iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd the word is getting out make america great again !
the leader and negotiators representing mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the us !
only very stupid people think that the united states is making good trade deals with mexicomexico is killing us at the border and at trade !
 @ billmaher :  bill you are really beginning to understand what is going on with trump  actually you always knew !
when you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option !
when somebody challenges you unfairly fight back  be brutal be tough  don't take it it is always important to win !
 @ univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the us  are they controlled by the mexican government ?
anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the us should boycott  @ univision
i love mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the us so stupidly makes with them really bad for us jobs only good for mexico
univision wants to back out of signed  @ missuniverse contract because i exposed the terrible trade deals that the us makes with mexico
 @ nanaelaine7  @ realdonaldtrump only you can make it great again your plan is the only one inside reality make america great with trump
governor rick scott of florida did really poorly on television this morning i hope he is ok
i hear that dopey political pundit lawrence o'donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his showno ratings ?too bad
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class  once the backbone and true strength of the usa it can happen !
 @ nickcokley realdonaldtrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history
my message make america great again is beginning to take hold bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our vets !
my daughter ivanka did great tonight in new hampshire the sold out crowd loved her and she loved them thanks ivanka !
the ratings for the view are really low nicole wallace and molly sims are a disaster get new cast or just put it to  sleep dead tv
i am really beginning to respect mark halperin and john heilemann as political reporters  they truly get why trump poll numbers are high
uncomfortable looking nbc reporter willie geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
thank you  
speaking at the red white and blue dinner in maryland 
 @ kolbytraveller  # trump is more than just talk i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country  # trump2016
 @ stevenfclifford  @ realdonaldtrump thank you for running you have my vote and i'm spreading the word we need you there to fix this mess
 @ williamonlyrent so sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues it will be so great to have  # trump2016 say it like it is !
 @ bri :  this is the first election i'll be able to vote and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country !  # trump2016
true 
entrepreneurs :  negotiation is an art treat it like one
the senate must not pass tpa ! any senator who votes for it is disqualified for being potus protect the american worker and manufacturer !
thank you 
i want to thank elizabeth steve brian and all of the great folks of  @ foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together nice !
 @ jakeawk :  donald trump is the only candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country
 @ lauralynn1955 realdonaldtrump   @ oreillyfactor loves you it was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced bill o is great
happy father's day to all ! i had a wonderful and loving father 
 @ idontknowher realdonaldtrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time hope you win thanks
 @ sugarhoney157 realdonaldtrump he really is a great business man and gets the job done right so true !
who would you rather have negotiating for the us against putin iran china etc donald trump or hillary ? is there even a little doubt ?
thank you  @ anncoulter for your nice words the us is becoming a dumping ground for the world pols don't get it make america great again !
my speech is right now on cspan 1
druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border when will the us get smart and stop this travesty ?
mexico is killing the united states economically because their leaders and negotiators are far smarter than ours but nobody beats trump !
i like mexico and love the spirit of  mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the us
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk
stop saying i went bankrupt i never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart !
has charles  @ krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on iraq ? i called it right in every way—make america great again !
 @ dcfoodsafety :   mr trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote !
the tragedy in south carolina is incomprehensible my deepest condolences to all
thank you 
 @ ericbolling watched you on my flight to iowa will not be forgotten
today i officially declared my candidacy for president of the united states watch the video of my full speech 
in one hour i will be making a major announcement from trump tower watch it live on periscope ! 
big time in us today  make america great again ! politicians are all talk and no action  they can never bring us back
do we really need another bush in the white house we have had enough of them 
will do thanks  
tomorrow will be a really big day for america make america great again !
tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround make america great again !
 @ angiecallahan4 realdonaldtrump we need to pray to god for this to happen god please make america great again amen !
make america great again !
 @ timwbyrd :  donaldtrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president i know your the only one who could get america out of debt
i am really happy that hillary made her speech right under trump world tower !
thank you 
 @ jrooneyiii   @ realdonaldtrump the country needs you now more than ever  you will be the one to bring the respect back   # trump2016  thx
thank you 
thank you 
entrepreneurs :  do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail  ralph waldo emerson
entrepreneurs :  keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative
thank you 
thank you  
thank you 
there is 
great thanks 
thank you 
 @ marcopolomacon realdonaldtrump what are you waiting for ? we are waiting for you to make america great again please run !  june 16th
entrepreneurs :   review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction keep your focus intact
entrepreneurs :  follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be
thank you 
amazing nh poll released ! we are getting ready to make america great again ! 
 @ seetekau :  watch listen and learn you can’t know it all yourself anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity ? donald trump
 @ realtysteve :  mr trump i have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life and you would be a great prez !
 @ neosalamander realdonaldtrump you're the type of guy we need in the white house you want to see the usa at the top
 @ jeffjeffsc777 :   timing is relevant this is your time the other candidates don't have an answer if they did they'd use it trump time !
 @ jeffjeffsc777 : the presidential candidates are about to be trumped this will be a landslide the country is ready for a leader with results
 @ jeffjeffsc777 : i believe the country is going to think when voting for our next president it's about results that's why trump runs he wins
just received a standing ovation at  # ncgopcon when i said we need to bring the american dream back better and stronger than ever before !
just received applause at  # ncgopcon when i said  people ask me why i may run for president i might so we can make america great again !
just said at  # ncgopcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it ! we need action and results to move forward !
received a standing applause at  # ncgopcon when i said to have free trade be fair for the us we need really intelligent negotiators
 @ jeffreygorski realdonaldtrump the time is now please get out in front of the herd and announce give us some hope
 @ stlblonde :  the thing that's so wonderful about  @ realdonaldtrump  most people would act just like him if they were billionaires true
was in iowa yesterdaygreat people record crowds at both speeches something big is happening pols are all talk make america great again !
 @ krauthammer :  on sale today things that matter in paperback with a new section on the obama years book sucks !
 @ krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isn't a dummy who is on too many fox shows an overrated clown !
one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is  @ krauthammer a totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back ! we can make america great again ! 
standing ovation after promising to bring the american dream back and better than ever before ! 
entrepreneurs :  vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
re negotiation :  think about what the other side wants know where they're coming from view any conflict as an opportunity be flexible
entrepreneurs :  negotiation is an art treat it like one
looking forward to visiting mason city iowa tomorrow will be my 8th day in the hawkeye state this year ! 
“i love it when people doubt me it makes me work harder to prove them wrong” – derek jeter
too bad i don't get this for political speeches they cost me a fortune ! 
entrepreneurs :  set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems who's the boss ?
entrepreneurs :  there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice
for those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker his last effort was a real bomb in all ways !
 @ great :  money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  donald trump
for those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker his last effort was a real bomb in all ways !
i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son beau met him once great guy !
all the haters and losers must admit that unlike others  i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name would never do that !
while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor too bad !
wow the economy is really bad ! gross domestic product down 07 in 1st quarter  and getting worse i told you so ! only i can fix
entrepreneurs :  ask yourself :  what can i provide that does not yet exist ? be open to new ideas be innovative !
entrepreneurs :  set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example
“face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be”   @ jackwelch
it’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us ! we can get it done let’s make america great again ! 
in the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish !
watch listen and learn you can't know it all yourself anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity donald trump
politicians are all talk and no action bush and rubio couldn't answer simple question on iraq they will never make america great again !
good advice from my mother :  trust in god and be true to yourself  mary trump
good advice from my father :  know everything you can about what you're doing   fred c trump
in business you make decisions that are in your best interests time for the us gov't to do the same let’s make america great again !
resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation  jack nicklaus
a quote from the late great golfer sam snead :  practice puts brains in your muscles ! this is true also in life
 @ babyfuzz1969 :  i want to see you represent we the people who want our country back you will be the shining star at august 4th debate !
will be doing  @ greta interview  tomorrow so much to talk about !
 @ davevin73 realdonaldtrump you should be president i signed up for twitter just to tell you this a lot of americans feel the same way
“everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard”   @ serenawilliams
entrepreneurs :  realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
entrepreneurs :  problems are a mind exercise enjoy the challenge
entrepreneurs :  see yourself as victoriouslook at the solution not the problem
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commanderinchief
whether you think you can or think you can'tyou are right  henry ford
my honor 
i will be going to trump links at ferry point for the official opening of this long delayed  but future nyc treasure course great job d
 @ rtesta :  like i said before we need to run the country more like a business who better than  @ realdonaldtrump to turn us around  # trump2016
the middleclass has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about itthey don't care !
i would like to wish everyone including all haters and losers of which sadly there are many a truly happy and enjoyable memorial day !
nobody understands politicians like i do  all talk and no action they will never get our country where it needs to be truly great again !
think big ! you are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well  think big !
 @ trading :  money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  donald trump
 @ carterdekeyser :  people get so mad when i tell them the only person i would even consider voting for in 2016 is  @ realdonaldtrump if he runs
 @ dirtyhouseguy :  why won't you run for  # potus and just shut all these idiots up once and for all ? ? show them how is should be done ! !
i told  @ megynkelly that  @ oreillyfactor and i had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview why ? too bad !
a strong america creates opportunity and growth we just need to change washington let’s make america great again ! 
on this memorial day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom they are our country’s finest
“patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it” – mark twain
if i run and if i win our country will be great again  last line of my  @ srqrepublicans speech
our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
i am going to save social security without any cuts i know where to get the money from nobody else does  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
many republicans support tpp they are stupid we have stupid republicans too we need to keep jobs here !  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
negotiation is a true talent it is an art and our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it   @ srqrepublicans speech
i would triple the sanctions on iran if the american pastor is not released  my   @ srqrepublicans speech
i make good deals that's what i do i would make great deals for our country  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule ? !  my  @ srqrepublicans speech
entrepreneurs :  in the best negotiations everyone wins this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for
entrepreneurs :  believe in yourself if you don't no one else will either
entrepreneurs :  be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
 @ ipsinvestments  @ realdonaldtrump the world would be a better place if businessmen like donald trump had more say in the day to day business
 @ pdk73 realdonaldtrump i have said for a long time we need a businessman in the white house
i had a great time today visiting facebook ny 
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success' tell that to the christians being beheaded we need to hit isis hard !
i had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at  @ facebook ny today 
what people don’t know about kasich he was a managing partner of the horrendous lehman brothers when it totally destroyed the economy !
there is no way my friend bob kraft agreed not to appeal the nfl decision without making a deal to at least get something we love tom brady
entrepreneurs :  remember the golden rule of negotiating  he who has the gold makes the rules
entrepreneurs :  work on what you will be proud to be associated with make your work count
 @ boboshields realdonaldtrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication you can accomplish your biggest dreams
 @ khathuenos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success build a wall from whatever they throw towards you sir
marco rubio had no idea what he was doing on chris wallace show said iraq was not a mistake he looked clueless !
 @ belllabooo13 foxandfriends mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again ! your honest you tell it like it
i will be on  @ foxandfriends at 7 : 00 am so much to talk about but not much good  news  for the usa make america great again !
wow isis has just taken the city of ramadi in iraq so many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it  such a waste
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to love each other with each talking of their great friendship typical phony pols
 @ 1italianheart :  we need a real american to run our country and that real man is  @ realdonaldtrump get this country back on track
 @ anntxpurple aj13hulton go donald  ? ? saying go for it think you would make a great president but miss you on apprentice
today is armed forces day thank you  to our military service members ! i love you all !
i am in iowa today great state fantastic people ! many speeches big crowds  all sold out ! make america great again !
i cannot believe how bad jeb bush looks with his insane answer on iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse
 @ davesportsgod realdonaldtrump i hope you decide to really run for president this time are you going to make a decision soon ? very soon
 @ joehurwitz realdonaldtrump wow you are great and your hair is awesome  wow i love the second part !
going to new hampshire all sold out crowds people want real change  pols will never make our country great again !
i call jeb bush the reluctant warrior  he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun !
my major hotel conversion of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in dc is under budget and ahead of schedule should be usa
we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell time to rebuild the usa ! tell our stupid politicians enough
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me  roads airports bridges i know how to build pols only know how to talk !
jeb bush really blew his interview with  @ megynkelly  should cost him big time said he would do the disastrous  iraq war all over again
 @ stann1s realdonaldtrump wish you were president of the united states would be the greatest time to be living brother
everything comes to him who hustles while he waits  thomas edison
entrepreneurs :  look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
entrepreneurs :  be passionate you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it
 @ donhewitt3  @ ronfromlasvegas people are very naive if they think only the patriots do this had no effect on the game go to court
what a stupid deal for verizon to buy aol for $44 billion aol has been bad luck for everyone who touched it worth less than $1 billion !
why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country while at the same time leaving the losers alone ? stupid !
people are so jealous of tom brady and the patriots no court could convict based on the evidencethey can't beat him on the field so this !
can you imagine we spend billions of dollars protecting saudi arabia and now the king refuses to even meet with obama great leadership !
“do what you can with what you have where you are”  theodore roosevelt
 @ mrtonyroberts1 :   greatest country on earth the united states of america need a strong leader just like you ! you are the best
 @ belllabooo13 realdonaldtrump one of the best speeches i have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt !  thank you
a great job by  @ rickiefowlerpga in winning the players yesterday finally your jealous critics can go to hell ! good luck at the us open
how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals death penalty !
 @ tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on fox especially when talking politics he has come a long way fast !
leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again !
 @ kittreantanner : more interviews mr trump the more you talk  @  what you would do if president the more people want to hear more from you
thank you  @ asavagenation and keep up the great work !
“keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard when you do that you are passing the test”   @ joelosteen
tom brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball he is my friend and a total winner !  @ patriots
 @ kilmeade  it was great being with you on  @ foxandfriends this morning so many people saw and loved the piece great work !
if i run i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again !
the united states needs great deals  and fast we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again !
 @ toledosnow :  you should run for president mr trump ! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states !
 @ michaelhenry123 katiepavlich is trying hard but apparently donaldtrump is not looking to engage no idea who she is sounds dumb !
 @ baberuth99 :  we've got your back mr trump ! we're not politicians all talk and no action just let us know what you need us to do
 @ pamelageller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue don't provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay no signals just do it !
 @ shalontabowman realdonaldtrump you are my hero ! i know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office ! thank you
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will   fight hard for victory if i do !
our country must get very strong and very tough  and fast before it is too late we have zero leadership and never win ! we want victory
 @ steveman905 realdonaldtrump you really need to commit to a presidential run you can beat clinton !  the only one that can !
what would you do if a large group of muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of jesus ? oh really be cool !
 @ meltsch realdonaldtrump  @ peenerad what a sad lineup the republicans have most we never heard of  they have nothing to inspire us
 @ dcfoodsafety :  mrtrump i tell people i am voting for you when are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing ? watch
the us has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death be smart
nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience dumb !
i am the only one that knows how to build cities  pols are all talk and no action our cities need help and fast they are crumbling !
just got back from las vegas  @ trumplasvegas hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time the aggressor lost ?
 @ rockinjoe1 realdonaldtrump look mrtrump you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run just watch !
the racial divide in our country is almost at an alltime high  and getting worse every time you turn on the television
baltimore had a really tough night  only great leadership can solve the many innercity problems facing our country jobs jobs jobs !
 @ sweettea2u realdonaldtrump if you do not run for president i am not voting people need to stop playing games and get real
 @ sheriffclarke  great insight  in dealing with the media today you are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro !
 @ packerlegends realdonaldtrump trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money not waste it true
beautiful thank you 
 @ slimshiny82 :  never been more excited for a potential candidate as i am with donaldtrump he is the only person who can beat hillaryclinton
 @ sandersandrew realdonaldtrump donald you have to do it it's the only way to save this once great nation
thank you 
whether you think you can or think you can't you're right  henry ford
entrepreneurs :  don't tread water get out there and go for it
if the working proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views the us as we know it is doomed !
billions of dollars spent on baltimore and it's still a total mess leadership is needed not dollars our whole country is going to hell !
 @ cgasparino  good seeing you keep up the great work never stop !
 @ gmandunkley realdonaldtrump hi donald spare a thought for little old guy here i love your hair and wish i had the same great !
i have been a guest on the view many times when it was  successful show now the show is dying for lack of ratings too bad !
they now say using the word thug is like so many other words not politically correct even though obama uses it it is racist bull !
i am going to iowa today  sold out crowds people don't want our country rippedoff anymore must stop now !
i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots ?
hopefully there won't be any problems in baltimore tonight be calm be cooldo not let anybody get hurtthere is just too much to live for !
the best social program by far is a job ! our jobs are being taken away from us by china and many other countries  incompetent leader
president obama you have a big job to do go to baltimore and bring both sides together with proper leadership it can be done ! do it
our country has to come together we have to start working with and really liking  each other the whole world is watching baltimore
the mayor of baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy  another real genius !
now that the ineffective baltimore  police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the us taxpayers expected to rebuild it again ?
our great african american president hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying baltimore !
blatant and rampant property destruction in baltimore as the police stand by and watch should be a lesson on how not to handle riots sad !
wow 15 policemen hurt in baltimore some badly ! where is the national guard police must get tough and fast ! thugs must be stopped
 @ williamgardanis realdonaldtrump the one who will put american first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
 @ chingaling3 realdonaldtrump praying for you the mexico situation and your decision to run for president may god guide you
 @ sierra03 :  really hope  @ realdonaldtrump decides to run for president would love for my first time voting for president to be for him
i don't know if hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb !
 @ nro  really important to save national review from going out of business we need a true conservative voice !
 @ doreenhunns realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house straighten out all the mess set them straight  watch
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything ? we don't make anything we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc
 @ thealexanderw : i think your sign would look just as good on the white house as it does on trump chicago  # trump2016 
 @ johnhawkinsrwn  great speaking to you today we will speak again soon
 @ maxmacgruder :  the man who would've kept us right years ago the man who will put us right in the future the only real choice  # trump2016
it is time for dc to protect the american worker not grant amnesty to illegals let’s make america great again ! 
why are the republicans giving obama fast track authority for tpp and the iran agreement ? ! obama gets more from the gop than his own party
excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday the granite state is a model for the country live free or die !
 @ beautydhope realdonaldtrump you would be phenomenal in officei am truly a big fan of what you stand for thank you
do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register make america great again !
 @ bestphotosever :  you need to run for pres you would restore greatness to america and have the ability to make a difference  # trump2016
“what counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight  it's the size of the fight in the dog”  dwight d eisenhower
the transpacific partnership will lead to even greater unemployment do not pass it
the transpacific partnership is an attack on america's business it does not  stop japan's currency manipulation this is a bad deal
i want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country must include currency manipulation and more do not let pass !
congratulations to the republicans in congress you are the only people obama can out negotiate  # timetogettough
 @ jonahnro  you should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing national review instead of focusing on me work hard nro
 @ stevesgoddard smxtty it would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life
 @ mrpresident706 realdonaldtrump please run for president and show these so called republicans how to get the job done
 @ samtucker17 :  you would be the best president you're political critiques are always on the money you are way better than hillary !
i’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win
republicans have once again capitulated to obama this time on the iran nuclear treaty when will it end ?
government can be efficient with the right leadership let’s make america great again 
 @ ronniewnichol just viewed the video of the changes to  @ turnberrybuzz an already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
wow hillary and bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow republicans will let them off the hook all talk no action
 @ dalasner realdonaldtrump i am honored if you are in i am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in campaigning for the best
as i have long been saying south africa is a total  and very dangerous  mess just watch the evening  news  when not talking weather
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations ? really dumb !
 @ alexseeley73  @ trumpsoho just leaving after 4 days and i must say it was amazing thank u for your attention to details great thank you
 @ weeklystandard  i know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than  @ stephenfhayes
how does failed writer and pundit like  @ stephenfhayes with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates
 @ ddobbs5253 realdonaldtrump our country needs you to run for president and save our country make us great again !
 @ amiribrahim26 realdonaldtrump i think u should run for president all small business here in memphis the closing down because of tax
 @ lizboyle98 :  i think  @ realdonaldtrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
 @ toddriddolls realdonaldtrump i believe if you run  you would win hands down !  but the expectations of you would be enormous
 @ redzuanrasul realdonaldtrump inspired others to dream more learn more do more and become more you always are the leader nice
 @ popularposters realdonaldtrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job
 @ popularposters :  our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
 @ bella270012 : donaldtrump the next man in office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean upi think you're the only one who can do it
 @ seddhmb realdonaldtrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the american dream back !
 @ meltsch realdonaldtrump good make a decision are you running or not  we want you  but only you know if you want us  watch
just returned from new hampshire where the crowd was greatand got a beautiful standing ovation ! wonderful people who truly love the usa
for all of the haters and losers out there sorry i never went bankrupt  but i did build a world class company and employ many people !
i do what i do out of pure enjoyment hopefully nobody does it better theres a beauty to making a great deal it's my canvas
 @ bretbaier   why do you have george will on your show  he's exhausted boring and not even a little relevant ! waste of good airtime !
for america to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past let’s make america great again !  
the republicans are funding obamacare and amnesty obama beats them  
 @ bryt1330 :  i get into so many arguments over  # trump2016  @ realdonaldtrump but i think he could actually change this county for the better
america will never be destroyed from the outsideif we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves a lincoln
others claim they can make america great again but only one knows the art of the deal it’s time for an outsider 
if your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader – john quincy adams
 @ isellbesthomes realdonaldtrump we need you to run for president and fix these problems you can do this ! !
had a great time in myrtle beach and charleston this past saturday and monday looking forward to going back soon
 @ cathyfuregno :  mr trump it is time to be serious and run for president bring america back to its greatness with dignity i feel you have
entrepreneurs :  in the best negotiations everyone wins this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for
 @ masterbaxter8 :  how can i help with your campaign whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done road to the wh ends with trump !
 @ mcinnis11 realdonaldtrump saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
 @ pare900 realdonaldtrump hillary must not win these other republican candidates are nothing you are the real deal
 @ samcadora :  take some of  that passion and energy and run for president alreadysweet jesus just run for president make america great again
 @ mayrazayago :  this is our favorite tower in chicago ! we love it ! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it ! 
 @ dcfoodsafety :  i will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that i do i know my vote  # trump2016
 @ tam69sc realdonaldtrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so i can vote for you and rally others to do the same
 @ richardallen :  it will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for  @ realdonaldtrump america needs your leadership !
 @ mayrazayago :  this is our favorite tower in chicago ! we love it ! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it ! 
 @ chrisr2014 wendypeters what i admire is that donald trump loves this country he will put country over self and make america great
thanks  @ jamersonhayes they are all total losers with nothing going for them !
 @ moeaa12 johnlegere   @ tmobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix
 @ johnlegere  tmobile service is terrible ! why can't you do something to improve it for your customers i don't want it in my buildings
south carolina and the audience were great  thanks !
thank you very much for the nice story i greatly appreciate it 
 @ gabriellebragg4 :  how do i find out where  @ realdonaldtrump is giving speeches at ? because i really want to go to one
 @ jacksonholesue :  the interview was compelling ! i am convinced you are the  right person for the job ! i am behind you all the way !
 @ bretbaier  thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight many people watched and commented
 @ laurenhayes021 :  if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time !
 @ dalley5 got the tingle up my leg when you spoke ! the common sense was to die forwe need somebody that will really fix this !
off to nashville and the nra
i will be speaking at the nra event today in nashville many friends will be there
i had a great time in iowa yesterday record crowds fantastic people !
 @ kissangel864 realdonaldtrump  @ justariot66 we need some one like you are you putting your hat in the ring i sure hope so
 @ bradheat realdonaldtrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to keep the inspiration up thank you
 @ justariot66 :  rand cruz rubio next week a hat trick of never gonna win donald if you ever were for real this is the time
make america great again !
leaving now  i'm spending the entire day in iowa  great people great state !
many journalists are honest and great  but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum they shouldbe weeded out !
 @ realistboutmine :  fyi  will make a excellent president he has what it takes to turn this county around he is donald trump for a reason
how much money is the  extremely unattractive both inside and out arianna huffington paying her poor exhubby for the use of his name ?
as dishonest as  @ rollingstone is i say  @ huffingtonpost is worse neither has much money   sue them and put them out of business !
 @ buster842 realdonaldtrump the thought of obama makes me want to puke he is a big disgrace to america and all it stands for
 @ marianoqcasilum :  please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president we the american people need you to liberate usa
 @ doctorplatek realdonaldtrump i believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again ! you are right !
i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter !
have a fantastic beautiful and happy easter everyone and then when easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life never give up !
that saturday night live is able to joke about the germanwings air tragedy is disgusting they should apologize to all of those  suffering !
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
politicians are all talk and no action washington can only be fixed by an outsider let’s make america great again ! 
oil is under $50/barrel now is the time to increase sanctions against iran not lift them no deal is better than a bad deal  # artofthedeal
 @ tyronedeverger realdonaldtrump i pray to god you run for 2016 you are the one man that can save the usa
entrepreneurs :  practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks know that goals come with obstacles
entrepreneurs :  learn to trust yourself being an entrepreneur is not a group effort
one of the greatest tributes to a father i have ever witnessedgiven to the great  @ jacknicklaus by his wonderful son 
 @ will1957 :   mr trump this nation needs you now more than ever i encourage you to run for potus your impact is a game changer
 @ devin199722 :   just watched you on  @ oreillyfactor want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first president i vote for ! !
each day that iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough
 @ christianlasval :  what's happening to us is not a question of toughit's a question of smart hurry and run already we need to get smart
 @ cherelynn realdonaldtrump  @ welovethedonald i would support you if you were going to get in the race  thanks
entrepreneurs :  gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn
entrepreneurs :   see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem be tough be strong be tenacious
entrepreneurs :  ask yourself :  what am i pretending not to see ? there may be some great opportunities right around you
the right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world let’s make america great again ! 
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal” – think big
 @ tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016
 @ marioraez1 :  just came back from chicago and ur building there is gorgeous ! best looking one in the city class and luxury all the way
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime !
 @ looneytunes002 :  i am tired of  @ realdonaldtrump thinking about it just do it the country is a mess politicians will only make it worse
the girlfriend of lubitz the  wacko copilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him put her through hell
the road to success is always under construction arnold palmer
message to obama re :  iran :  “the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it” – the art of the deal
entrepreneurs :  when negotiating don't be an open book know that the only person on your side might be yourself
entrepreneurs :  seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk you never know what will evolve keep an open mind !
resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation  @ jacknicklaus
 @ paul1994loan  you would be the most straightforward prez weve ever had i dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
sgt bowe bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion  five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back us has to get tough !
if saudi arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly ! no freebies
pres obama was touting yemen as a great success story  it just fell obama doesn't know what he is doing saudi arabia is in big trouble
 @ hakolbzman  you would make an awesome president we need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around thanks
 @ jdwillms1jeff realdonaldtrump you are the best choice to turn around the country
entrepreneurs :  negotiation is an art treat it like one
 @ mauijano you have my presidential vote ! we need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to america ! thx
 @ jnoboa23 realdonaldtrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind !
 @ njunger19 :  has all he could ever want if he runs for pres then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again
 @ mattthestud realdonaldtrump you have my vote if you commit you know what you can do give your people what america needs
 @ brianjohnson4 :  when you become president who would be the secretary of the treasury ? no one can run a business better that you
 @ suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in england wonderful how did you choose between them whole prog was great thank you
 @ chingaling3 realdonaldtrump praying that you have a productive day give god thanks he gave you the ability to succeed thank you
 @ duranshingange1 realdonaldtrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life great you will be very successful !
 @ jjj2323 :  treated myself to a few nights in trump tower in chicago all i can say is wow you know how to look after your guests
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill
entrepreneurs :   let your actions show that you're the best see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level
entrepreneurs :  learn to be succinct can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less ? be clear and concise
entrepreneurs :  set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people that's the best way to work with people you like
 @ therealhabanero :  the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
entrepreneurs :  we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment
entrepreneurs :  success is good success with significance is even better make your work count
 @ samdoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business what would be your suggestion ? you have to expect problems keep moving forward
 @ jackpivory  i'm a  # trump fan even though i live outside the us but i like what i read and see from him he takes no bs !  true !
 @ jackpivory realdonaldtrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess obama left us  true !
 @ jcosmofisher :  if donald trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote we need to get this country turned around
entrepreneurs :  there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise know everything you can about what you're doing
wow little mac miller has almost 100 million views on his song donald trump keep pushing mac and come up with another hit  just do it !
the problem with the us is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future every nation beats us !
just as i have been saying for many years and while they phony negotiate with the us over nuclear iran is taking over iraq really sad !
entrepreneurs :  being stubborn is a big part of being a winner never give up !
entrepreneurs :  problems are a mind exercise enjoy the challenge
entrepreneurs :  having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
 @ sandykjack realdonaldtrump you are what america needs right now we need a badass president that we can trust and knows how to lead
entrepreneurs :  remember the golden rule of negotiating  he who has the gold makes the rules
entrepreneurs :  cover your bases know everything you can about what you're doing
 @ samdoyle12  thx for the rtwhat is a good book i can read that can help me in starting my business ? the art of the deal and midas touch
 @ jimmyhanlin realdonaldtrump your course stood tall last week you should be proud not to many places can stand up to those big boys !
the harder you work the luckier you get  gary player
 @ ej1469 realdonaldtrump well half of mexico will see the event because they are here in the usa
mexico's court system  corrupti want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off us
ringling brothers is phasing out their elephants ifor one will never go again they probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
every sport evolves every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up  tiger woods
despite mexico's interest in again hosting the miss universe pageant it will be because of rodolfo rosas moya that it will never happen
i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me
the mark of a great player is in his ability to come back the great champions have all come back from defeat  sam snead
placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf  ben hogan
the object of golf is not just to win it is to play like a gentleman and win  phil mickelson
the road to success is always under construction  arnold palmer
we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts  gary player
entrepreneurs :   follow your instincts and keep your focus intact you alone know where you really want to go
entrepreneurs :  paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself
entrepreneurs :  look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
so many people are angry at my comments on mexico—but face it—mexico is totally ripping off the us our politicians are dummies !
 @ sethanatorr : trump should run for president we need him obama has accomplished nothing we all know mr trump knows how to get stuff done
the mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of mexico pay me the money that is owed me now  and stop sending criminals over our border
the evening  news  broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics
i could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it !
i told everybody the oscars were no good—nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history
the talks between the us and iran are going on forever  world's longest negotiation obama has no idea what he is doing  incompetent !
entrepreneurs :  keep your focus and keep your momentum believe in yourselfif you don't no one else will either
entrepreneurs :  identify your goals   and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level
entrepreneurs :  review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction don't become complacent !
 @ brwneyesnbama :  i love  @ realdonaldtrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless i have so much respect for this man  # hero thanks
the oscars are a sad joke very much like our president so many things are wrong !
what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards this show is an insult to the past just plain bad !
worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the oscars show is terrible really boring !
 @ mclaughlln realdonaldtrump i plan on voting for you in 2016 we need economic success in this country i know you can provide
 @ buttonpusher50 realdonaldtrump  @ toddinwichita the only man who can get the us out of trouble i will spread the word if you will run
entrepreneurs :  winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves remember to focus on the solutionnot the problem
entrepreneurs :  identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve have your own vision and stick with it !
 @ txblondegrad realdonaldtrump is the only candidate for president that can beat hillary and turn this country around i agree !
among the lowest temperatures ever in much of the united states ice caps at record size changed name from global warming to climate change
the winner of best in show at the westminster kennel club show miss p will be coming to my office this morning
apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night !
 # celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night entire cast will be there who do you like to win ?
as a former host of saturday night live i look forward to attending tonight !
record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow where the hell is global warming ?
 @ menofhistory :  i like thinking big if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big  donald trump
i look forward to attending saturday night live on sunday night i am sure it will be a great show  @ nbcsnl  
 @ fenitaayu1 :  i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don't know everything ~ donald trump
 @ luckyshaut  @ realdonaldtrump if i could only read one of your books which one would you recommend ? the art of the deal
entrepreneurs :  see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level
entrepreneurs :  success is good success with significance is even better
entrepreneurs :  work on what you will be proud to be associated with make your work count
maralago in palm beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history 
let pete rose into the hall of fame now  35 years is enough !
entrepreneurs :  having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
entrepreneurs :  listen and learn from others but make your own decisions take responsibility for yourself it's a very empowering attitude !
brian williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant he will never again hold court !
i have long stated that brian williams was not a very smart guy  all you have to do is look at his past now he has proven me correct !
entrepreneurs :  be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
entrepreneurs :  be passionateyou have to love what you're doing to be successful at it
entrepreneurs :  negotiation is an art treat it like one
 @ mollyogden realdonaldtrump this is what i like best about you  someone lies about you and you call them right outthat's how it's done
 @ davidaxelrod  i hope your book is better than the obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me  but no big deal boring !
 @ federicishane :  the only reason i want some level of fame is so i can go on the celebrity apprentice and so i wait  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ debraa27 realdonaldtrump  @ nbc news  there was no need to embellish his stories the man was so well respected now i can never look at him
i predicted rosie o'donnell would fail at the view and was right now i predict rosie will take over for brian williams !
word is that sleepy eyes chuck todd who has failed so badly with meet the press will be taking over for now irrelevant brian williams !
the golden rule of negotiation :  he who has the gold makes the rules
entrepreneurs :   look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
my father's 4 step formula for success :  get in get it done get it done right and get out  fred c trump
entrepreneurs :  be a cautious optimist i call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
entrepreneurs :   having a product requires something very importantyou have to think about the market do your due diligence
 @ jordanstasi  mr trump as a young sales professional what one of your books would you recommend i read ? start with art of the deal
entrepreneurs :   see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level take responsibility for yourself !
entrepreneurs :  don't put blinders on or limit yourself reach out seek and explore the opportunities are always there
we’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy isis is beheading people and burning people alive time for us to wake up
entrepreneurs :  is the problem a blip or a catastrophe ? keep things in perspective learn to expect problems and keep moving forward
entrepreneurs :  money is not always the bottom line :  it can be a score card not the final score
entrepreneurs :  vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated ? i don't think so great danger to us
entrepreneurs :  paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself
entrepreneurs :  set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance  see yourself as victorious !
tonight's episode of  @ apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life don't miss it !
it must have been president obama that called in what will go down as the dumbest play in the history of football same thought process !
i wonder if marshawn lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard ?
love that patriots won  brady is best ever ! seahawks pass    was dumbest play in the history of football ! great going coach b !
 @ cfarmer0608 :  if you run for president i would vote for you this country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician
 @ jsdedge :  with all due respect why are you bluffing about running for president ? i would vote for you ! we need a game changer !  watch !
i hope you can go to  @ oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again ! thanks
whether you think you can or think you can't you're right  henry ford
now that mitt is gone all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win !
i will take full credit for mitt romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing trump any time soon
mitt did the right thing—not because he had to but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
entrepreneurs :  success is good success with significance is even better work on what you will be proud to be associated with
entrepreneurs :  what is the standard for which you want to be known ? identify that standard and then establish it
entrepreneurs :  there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise do your due diligence !
entrepreneurs :   being stubborn is a big part of being a winner don't give in and don't give up !
entrepreneurs :  keep your focus and keep your momentum listen apply and move forward set the standard !
many people are saying it was wonderful that mrs obama refused to wear a scarf in saudi arabia but they were insultedwe have enuf enemies
 @ sarahpalinusa was 100 correct when she stated that  @ oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch but we were not on !
entrepreneurs :  don't tread water get out there and go for it
my parents : trust in god and be true to yourself  mary macleod trumpknow everything you can about what you're doing  fred c trump
wow i have always liked the  @ nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in iowa packed house standing o best speech ! sad
so many people have told me that i should host meet the press and replace the moron who is on now just too busy especially next 10 years !
president obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in new york city as a means of helping out with the massive storm
wow the final ratings for the miss universe pageant show that it won in all key demos  number one on sunday i have a winner !
as usual the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast what a waste of time energy and money !
 @ jdoran1021 realdonaldtrump next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already it will be best ever !
 @ bigdaddyjohnc :  mr president when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up ? the celebrity apprentice is a perfect show
 @ blazaruk :  rt where the hell is global warming when you need it ? i dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the gop in 2016
 @ chandlerholgate :  say what you want about  @ realdonaldtrump but the man is an excellent businessman he never gives up
 @ bahia6085 realdonaldtrump if this country is still existing with obama in charge then imagine if trump was prez ! it would be awesome
 @ onesoldiersmom : i can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the usa
two of the best ever episodes of celebrity apprentice tonight at 8 totally vicious and crazy ! i will live tweet
where the hell is global warming when you need it ?
why do people give  @ karlrove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win ? 
get ready for the apprentice tonight  two amazing episodes i will be live tweeting !
 @ zoukit1 realdonaldtrump i have to admit that the donald would make one heck of a president especially with the problems usa is facing
 @ mensamamma :  you have to run mrtrump ! you are the only person on the roster that can actually do the job ! please please mrtrump run !
 @ samrellim :  if trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time i could stand by our president since i was old enough to understand politics
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else  albert einstein
just been informed by  @ nbcthey want to extend the run of the  @ apprenticenbc by two shows because it is doing so well two hours live
which national costume do you think should win ? 
which national costume do you think should win ? 
which national costume do you think should win ? 
which national costume do you think should win ? 
which national costume do you think should win ? 
entrepreneurs :   see yourself as victorious this will focus you in the right direction put everything you've got into what you're doing
entrepreneurs :   use your imagination use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go  t s eliot
the secret of getting ahead is getting started  mark twain
congress use the power of the purse stop amnesty !
based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in scotland will quickly die ! what a mess !
 @ cheflucky23 :  you have my vote and a volunteer please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american ! ? ?
 @ nancymiracle hope that in my lifetime i will see you deliver a state of the union address president trumpi'm ready for it ! !
 @ carolinastoday realdonaldtrump do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom ?  not often !
 @ alliekat129 realdonaldtrump i don't know what you do but your doing it right
the episode of the apprentice that everyone has been waiting forjoan rivers stars and she is and does great !  next monday night at 8 : 00
 @ bernardv777 :  i always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit mrpresident !
 @ natswish realdonaldtrump the country needs to be run like a business no better person for the job than you !  i agree thanks
despite what the haters and losers like to say i never filed for bankruptcy but wow the preeminent gaming company caesars just did
 @ kimjongsean realdonaldtrump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election would love to see you on the ballot !
if the morons who killed all of those people at charlie hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded  no money no success !
 @ jdmjennifer realdonaldtrump wow monday is going to be a good one ! you had to be one of the last people to work with joan rivers
 # celebapprentice time for the first firing of the night
 # celebapprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager ?
 # celebapprentice we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery
some of the women on celebrity apprentice are absolutely crazy  maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television watch tonight !
 @ cpetelis realdonaldtrump i have been hearing mitt romney might run he doesn't know nothing you do he had his chance and he blew it !
the french police are afraid to go into many  communities how did france let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape ?
entrepreneurs :   look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
entrepreneurs :   be totally focused know everything you can about what you're doing give your work 100 of your concentrated effort
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right  henry ford
 @ scooper1949p :  hello mr trump i am very proud of you for saying what you said about guns in paris i hope you become president
 @ macaronipizzaa realdonaldtrump would make everything better if he ran for president lol i agree
 @ mikeyjacques realdonaldtrump is a bad a$$ i could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life
 @ b0923ef3dd5d46c wow ! thx donald ! you said it like it iswho would of thought you you were out for the blue collarpoor people
 @ lordmackie1 realdonaldtrump just caught up on the celeb apprentice and im hooked gerlado is a maniac and i love it and you
 @ christstep realdonaldtrump 2016 better be the year first year i'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office
 @ ximenanr  great job we are all proud of you  one of our all time best !
you may want to watch david letterman tonight  i am on !
fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence the criminals will always have guns
“but if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun”   @ dalailama
you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life  winston churchill
it's record cold all over the country and world  where the hell is global warming we need some fast !
 @ kencee11 :  we need you to run for potus we need a real american one with the same values that built this country go trump 2016  !
 @ themattgrissom realdonaldtrump that's why someone not in politics needs to run for president i think you know a guy
 @ jackievandyck realdonaldtrump i get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016 i hope you're on the ballot
politicians are all talk no action !    just look at our country
who is paying for that tedious smokey bear commercial that is on all the time  enough already !
almost no  news  organizations are showing the satirical pictures gee i wonder why ? the media is usually so brave !
i would like to thank  @ golfmagazine for the really nice review of trump national doral  best renovation of the year and maybe all time
remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns !
isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world ?
if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance
why does obama continue to release the worst of the worst from gitmo ? ! look at paris and wake up !
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris
 @ kpdelbridge :  you might just be the best president to come along this whole dam century but thats up to you ?  @ realdonaldtrump thanks
 @ bilalkostashuk :  that first episode of  # celebapprentice was intense but incredible this season is going to be bigger and better than ever !
 @ gennyhatesyou :  if you wanna make money stick with what you know and love  donald trump
 @ kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom had he brought lorenzo in he would not have been fired
 @ alexpattillo :  just completed the art of the deal written the year i was born and its principles still apply today very inspiring !
 @ amandajocountry  @ realdonaldtrump he just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other which i find funny
i will be live tweeting !
 # celebapprentice we had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so i will do it again tonight from 810 pm 
i will be live tweeting tomorrow monday nights two shows starting at 8 : 00  pm  they are both great
 @ tmh813 realdonaldtrump prove that you actually control this account and i will tell everyone i know about the show  # takeaselfie
 @ rrodriguez62 realdonaldtrump first time i watched the start of the season enjoyed the show will tune in tomorrow night
this show was taped just before the terrible bill cosby revelations came to lightshe still should have asked him for moneygoes to charity
how do you like the boardroom so far ?
this boardroom gets crazy ! these people are wild
 @ prochekhomeinsp :  would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine happy new year mr trump and team ! !
who do you like  hate so far ?
it's still exciting after all these years  and this cast is special !
this is going to be a special season  truly great characters and cast you will soon see !
everyone is asking me to cover the apprentice live on twitter i will do so tonight 9 to 11 it will be a great evening of television !
 @ patjeanes realdonaldtrump im sure the show will be great but you need to get on the campaign trail watch !
 @ lmechx realdonaldtrump the art of the deal is a great read filled with excellent real advice definitely worth a read
 @ jayrav3 realdonaldtrump what is the best book for real estate ? i want to get into the business trump the art of the deal !
i just saw the movie unbroken  very good except i thought the ending was weak no retribution ! and we complain about waterboarding
 @ runningdeep67 uniquecaptures too strong ? point out a time in america's history where it was good to have a pussy in the white house !
 @ midniteracers realdonaldtrump gets my vote for president he's my hero ! when i grow up i want to be like him
 @ uniquecaptures :  donaldtrump :  even though i feel his personality is to strong for president i agree it would be an entertaining campaign
 @ iintend :  donaldtrump at one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back you never flinched you have to respect that  thank you
the maralago club was amazing tonight everybody was there the biggest and the hottest palm beach is so lucky to have best club in world
 @ llankers :  donaldtrump  it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down you could be a great leader for our nation keep it up trump !
 @ ryanbushby realdonaldtrump i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around  i do big league !
to everyone including all haters and losers happy new year work hard be smart and always remember  winning takes care of everything !
in the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish
without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing find work that you love and the energy will be there
if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop trying to balance them instead make your work more pleasurable
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war
 @ gigicats6 :  am sooo glad that joan r will still be on ca as i'm sure all of her fans are thank you for honoring her this way
 @ coachdanmullen  great to have you and your great team at trump national doral go out and finish your fantastic season in style !
if you can’t see it it will never happen bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work that will build momentum
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make
if you're going to be thinking you may as well think big
deals are my art form other people paint beautifully or write poetry i like making deals preferably big deals that's how i get my kicks
 @ ramonatila :  i enjoyed your book 'think like a billionaire' for the second time you give very practical advice and it really helps
 @ frankdimauro realdonaldtrump is a great businessman i learned so much from the art of the deal best of luck !
 @ ashtonjfloyd realdonaldtrump merry christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life you are a very inspiring man
 @ cisrabbit :  not to mention we already had two bush presidents neither of which were too successful insanity would be to want a third
 @ replaybeatles realdonaldtrump hope you are part of that leadership ! merry christmas to you and your family
merry christmas to all  have a fantastic day year and life ! the world with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place !
so many people think i will not run for presidentwow i wonder what the response will be if i do even the haters and losers will be happy !
 @ alangnahz realdonaldtrump  @ mooovinon i have been waiting for the day to vote you for president ever since i read the art of the deal
 @ inboxleekersey realdonaldtrump i'm 46 years old and i have never voted if you ran for president i would vote for you thank you !
 @ jjbentleyartist realdonaldtrump if you are president i would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
 @ henrylewski realdonaldtrump i hope in the next couple of years i can call you mr president
negotiation is an art treat it like one
entrepreneurs :  realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith resolve to be bigger than your problems who's the boss ?
entrepreneurs :   use your imagination use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you
entrepreneurs :  realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort you're in charge everything starts with you
 @ felicecori realdonaldtrump i like when someone who does not need money is getting into politics
 @ etownsend739 :  mr trump today is my birthday my wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction
 @ christophercud1 realdonaldtrump you are the best republican for the job your the only one clean you need no one's money
 @ christophercud1 realdonaldtrump forget the rest  no one is up to speed on this run for president but you so take it from the babys  ! !
 @ feyerwoman74 :  you sir are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader we need a proven businessman who is a born leader !
 @ jj55334767 realdonaldtrump please save the united states of america i know you can get the country back on the right track again
be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions push yourself you can do it think big !
obama now wants to deny due process to the police he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops
 @ seeclyde1  mr trump i believe sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before ! god bless you ! thanks
 @ wartenberghans   @ joshuablack2014 one of the many things i admire about you mr trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind true !
the movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch   @ sonypictures
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill
the last thing this country needs is another bush !
“see yourself as victorious ! that will focus you in the right direction” – trump never give up
how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending  # smokeybearhug commercial how much is govt spending ?
30 million americans are unemployed yet obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get amnesty 
the cia deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world the cia perseveres the politicians whine !
the lights went out at the white house today 
 @ kevengr7 realdonaldtrump i want to live in a us where you are president  thank you !
no wonder sony is doing so badly really stupid leadership that wants al sharpton to help watch him turn the tables on chief amy pascal
the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good it will just never change for them !
 @ vikkitb realdonaldtrump is so right with everything he is saying run please run for president
isn't it interesting that immediately after september 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind no reports !
when terrorists are beheading and executing american citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns
the terrorists cut off the heads of americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000 we fight over sleep deprivation !
these islamists chop americans’ heads off and want to destroy us we should be applauding the cia not persecuting them
if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss ?
entrepreneurs :  cover your bases know everything you can about what you're doing then go with your gut your instincts r there for a reason
entrepreneurs :   see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem and never give up !
entrepreneurs :  view any conflict as an opportunity being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation
 @ savehicno1 :  mr trump i think you ought to do an apprentice show for people to come up for a winning stradegy for you to run in 2016
 @ killianzane :  i'll be the vp for  @ realdonaldtrump when he is president you would be better than what we have now !
conde nast made a big mistake going into the world trade center the place is a total disaster and i feel this is only the beginning !
durst is a disaster at operating the new world trade center it takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security
 @ sirmikeadams :  why would trump run for president ? he likes to be able to get things done government doesn't it can all change !
 @ pianobecca :  first order of business for america is to  elect donaldtrump next is make america strong again ! and he is the man to do it !
glad to see romneycare/obamacare architect gruber being eviscerated on the hill today he should return all taxpayer money he was paid
sorry  @ rosie is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser other than that she is just wonderful !
 @ warrencasselljr realdonaldtrump you are a rockstar ! no just someone who wants to see things done right but thanks !
wow  @ golfmagazine just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year even better they stated it may be best of all time !
our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time now they are about to release full documentation on torture will destroy cia
when you have exhausted all possibilities remember this  you haven't     thomas a edison
they should close down rolling stone magazine after the phony rape charge story university of virginia should sue them for big bucks !
entrepreneurs :  believe in yourself ! if you don't no one else will either
entrepreneurs :  you have to have passion if you love your work success will follow
i never gave anybody hell ! i just told the truth and they thought it was hell  harry s truman
“keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game” – trump never give up
congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses republicans soon hold both houses
 @ amegarity realdonaldtrump was down in doonbeg on sunday stunning place any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife
 @ fackinpeter realdonaldtrump i think you should be time's person of the year
 @ hotdamsel2 realdonaldtrump yeah please run for president we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office !
 @ brianlegit realdonaldtrump please run for president your the only one who can fix this mess obama created i agree !
 @ michaelmeram realdonaldtrump would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper  but with heart !
 @ billpickle would like to support dt if i knew he was serious about going for it been disappointed more than once  just watch !
 @ jeffferrier realdonaldtrump first business book i ever read was the art of the deal as a high schooler in the 80s been a fan ever since
 @ kaeladianne97 realdonaldtrump is the only man fit to run our country what a knack for politics and business what a man ! thanks
 @ gqmurphy realdonaldtrump your brand suits are my favorite  ! so sharp looking  ! looking forward to when i can get another one 
young entrepreneurs :  your success is measured by results be productive in the face of challenges setbacks are not fatal
so sad that burt reynolds has lost all of his money i wish he came to me for advicehe would be rich as hell !
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today more riots sure to follow
congress’ greatest card against obama is the power of the purse use it !
now obama is keeping our soldiers in afghanistan for at least another year he is losing two wars simultaneously
just as i predicted  @ rosie would fail on the view 
 @ samkeady :  you are a real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go  # trumpforpresident
bill cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent probably guilty ! not a fan
 @ twins44 realdonaldtrump i think you are responsible for lower gas prices only you had the balls to call out opec thank you mr trump
happy thanksgiving  i hope everyone can get together to make america great again ! it won't be easy nothing is but it can be done
 @ moore2score :  why is it almost every person i know thinks that mac miller's only song is donald trump and then he disappeared true !
president obama has absolutely no control or respect over the african american communitythey have fared so poorly under his presidency
who is the moron who decided to release the ferguson grand jury findings after 9 : 00 o'clock in the evening what were they thinking ?
our country is totally fractured and with our weak leadership in washington you can expect ferguson type riots and looting in other places
sadly because president obama has done such a poor job as president you won't see another black president for generations !
as china and the rest of the world continue to rip off the us economically they laugh at us and our president over the riots in ferguson !
can you imagine what putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the us as they watch the ferguson riot
if the decision by the grand jury in ferguson was the exact opposite you would still be having the riots right now !
despite having a black president the racial divide seems greater than it has in decadesif obama were a  leader this would not be the case
isis is starting its own currency may be stronger than the dollar if obamacare is fully implemented
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome
 @ cahlrstorrie realdonaldtrump the art of the deal is on my christmas list let's hope i get it
 @ iamnextroom realdonaldtrump i decided that i'll choose to live in the us when you are the president  good choice !
tom brady played great today he is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination !
 @ toneantone96 realdonaldtrump the reason why i love you so much is because of how compassionate you are not because of who you are
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are racist ?
 @ spicedevilz realdonaldtrump how did you keep your hair looking good over the decades ? wow one of the few nice comments about my hair !
entrepreneurs :   problems are a mind exercise enjoy the challenge
if you really want to succeed you'll have to go for it every day the big time isn't for slackers keep up your stamina and remain curious
they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what
you don't necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal  the art of the deal
if we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous
iraq should be paying us while we fight isis give the money to the families of our brave soldiers
i am no fan of bill cosby but nevertheless some free advice  if you are innocent do not remain silent you look guilty as hell !
if you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them get the word out !
“if you like your plan you keep it”  “gruber is just some adviser” two of obama’s greatest lies told to the american public
 @ blakehoagland  what is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur mr trump ? you have to be passionate about your work !
there are many jonathan gruber types selling the global warming stuff  and they really do believe the american public is stupid
entrepreneurs :  always remember that deals are fluid terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success
“remember that some things are worth waiting for plans can change sometimes for good reason” – trump never give up
deportations are now at a record low obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high secure the border !
the entire country is  freezing  we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast ! ice caps size reaches all time high
so obama's top people responsible for obamacare think the american public is stupid ! all based on lies and deception ! repubs should sue
 @ ryan5240 after playing the new course in aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to turnberry for a birthday present on monday great !
entrepreneurs :  set the bar high do the best you possibly can apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious
entrepreneurs :  set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example
entrepreneurs :  see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem keep your focus positive
today is  # veteransday let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms
the obamacare website still is not complete $5 billion and no progress scary and sad !
thanks for all of the nice tweets re sgt tahmooressi especially nice that the money will be sent today  # veteransday
 @ scottjamesward realdonaldtrump haha i don't even live in america but it would be awesome to see you president lol
 @ spikesurge83 realdonaldtrump if you run you have my vote on top of that rand paul gets to be vice president
 @ hillarysusans ivankatrump your dad is awesome he should run for president he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow
 @ illaughs realdonaldtrump yes we could use a sharp minded man who wants to get america back on top of the game
 @ chucknorton1 :  i am reading the art of the deal by  @ realdonaldtrump  i should have read it a long time ago a must read of must reads
do not go back into iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the us 50 of their oil reservesmake the deal dummies !
we spent two trillion dollars in iraq and got nothing now we are going back and will again get nothing because our leaders are clueless !
we are now sending thousands of additional troops to iraq to teach them how to fight  they will run billions wasted ! what does us get ?
we should immediately stop sending our beautiful american tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our president’s stupidity !
 @ neuroticknight realdonaldtrump when are you going to put your cape on and come save this country we need you ! !
 @ lenwdougleman :   dear donald i love you success aftershave i love to walk out of the house with the confidence that i smell of trump
 @ dashjohnston :  you are a great man mr trump your words of wisdom get me through the day you could make our nation great again  ? ? ?
had  @ senscottbrown asked me to do a robo call for him i would have done it and he would have won
the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa instead of making a deal 
 @ teammitch   fantastic win we are all proud of you ! your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not
a really bad night for president obama now the republicans have to get together and get the job done !
one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough     tonight everyone is using that    word !
looking like a really big night for republicans  a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies !
 @ ericbolling  great job on the five tonight and not only because you were so nice to the apprentice see you soon and thanks !
 @ seattleseahack :  if i write you in under every race does that invalidate my ballot ? i also wrote trump decides on all the initiatives
 @ briellezolciak realdonaldtrump what do i have to do to get u to run for president  # byeobama just hang in there !
today will be a big day  @ teammitch for you in many ways the country is lucky
today the democrats lose big but tomorrow the republicans must communicate a positive progrowth agenda
watch to see the new cast of  @ apprenticenbc 
 @ baglanhills  going to invest in one of your books tomorrow ! which one would you recommend ?  # trump start with the art of the deal
congratulations to  @ stevekingia and his team on running a great campaign steve is a strong leader in the house
 @ pgwellman :  you have influenced me to become an entrepreneur i am still preparing my business plan you're a good man and thank you
 @ nardokids : i believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of mexico as the mom of an airman i thank you for your effortsthanks
wow so far everyone running for office who i did a robocall for has taken the lead in the polls  the smart pols know this great !
 @ chick i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present that's were the fun is donaldtrump
 @ trumpdoral thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new blue monster !
they finally let our marine out of a mexican prison no thanks to obama way too long such an event should never be allowed to happen again
having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge  but still never underestimate knowledge !
 @ skpip :  donald you have given me some hope for this country maybe someone will help those of us on disability find a job we want to work
 @ stmarie realdonaldtrump sick this country is going to shit ! we need real people to run this country so get moving !
many of the released guantanamo detainees are now fighting for isis and other enemy groupswe need proper leadership before it is too late !
 @ nadiaalghamri realdonaldtrump mr trump  i think you are a great businessman we would all love to read some business tips from you
crazy  election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting this is very bad unfair for republicans !
next tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi he only wants illegals to cross our border
 @ carguy95 have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful ? think like a champion is a good start
“you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else” – albert einstein
i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake just got knocked out of the game i love being right !
entrepreneurs :  keep an open mind ! business is a creative endeavor there are always opportunities and possibilities
entrepreneurs :  look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from africa for 21 days but he still allows all who contract ebola into country ? hypocrite
in game 7 of the world series tonight the giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against kc even with two days rest
just out  the polar ice caps are at an all time high the polar bear population has never been stronger where the hell is global warming ?
the us rocket that blewup and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the united states under obama nothing works be it a rocket or website
 @ steeldestroyer realdonaldtrump i agree with u i was going to vote for u and i still am
 @ tradingforex24 :  in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish donald trump
 @ therealpweight :  you did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in iraq isis controls a lot of it today good foresight
 @ jeanee31 seanhannity please please please donald trump run for president i have been saying this for a long time you are awesome
keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
all the governors are already backing off of the ebola quarantines bad decision that will lead to more mayhem
wh refused a meeting with the israeli defense minister if only obama hated iran as much as he dislikes israel
 @ theramenes foxandfriends  good job  @ realdonaldtrump for not being afraid to speak truth that is what people need to hear is truth
i would absolutely consider investing in atlantic city again great and hard working people but much would have to changetaxes regs etc
yes i won the right to have my name taken off trump plaza in ac because it was not operated up to a very high standard and no involvement
i made a fortune in atlantic city got out years ago great timing and havn't been back in many years i have nothing to do with ac
with all that is happening with ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to new york obama still refuses to stop the flights !
there is zero margin for error on ebola are we confident in obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 billion ?
the ebola doctor who just flew to ny from west africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very selfish manshould have known !
 @ itbegins2012 realdonaldtrump trump you are great  you speak your mind and should continue to do so
president obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important :  stop the flights !
president obama has a major meeting on the nyc ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf !
i have been saying for weeks for president obama to stop the flights from west africa so simple but he refused a total incompetent !
ebola has been confirmed in nyc with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact withobama's fault
there is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in west africa and who flew into new york has ebola touched many bedlam !
 @ sleuthjen realdonaldtrump if you had one piece of advice for obama what would it be ? to resign from office !
 @ masterbaxter8 :  we desperately need someone that looks out for our great country dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable
an interesting cartoon that is circulating 
why are we letting the three girls who left the us to join isis back into the country ? how stupid has our once respected country become !
if there is one more ebola case in the us a full travel ban will be instituted this common sense move should have been done long ago !
the united states troops which were sent to west africa have only gotten 4 hours of ebola training  very unfair to them and their families !
the united states under president obama has truly become the gang that couldn't shoot straight everything he touches turns to garbage !
negotiation is an art treat it like one
 @ mrkenbutler :   donald you are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course obama has us on please run in 2016 !
 @ burge :  donaldtrump needs to run america like a business do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about make this country right again
 @ nikkio :  donaldtrump :   only way to get obama to do right for our marine would be for every country club across usa to deny him golf access
has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call ?
i was never a fan of bush in fact he was so bad he gave us obama ! but obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can't get any worse
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it !
i just returned from iowa  what a beautiful state the people are amazing and the event for congressman steve king was a great success !
do you believe obama just said that america would be less safe with a travel ban from west africathis is the thinking of a total mad man !
the lobbyist and political hack that president obama just appointed as the ebola czar just missed his first major meeting on ebolaa joke
if i were president sgt andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call if notmexico would pay a price like never before !
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are being called racists ? perhaps not !
14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations likewise many other nations but the us  come on in
 @ bugsyfire :   mrt  you were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the ebola virus not enough restrictions to get into the us
looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa what the hell is wrong with this guy ?
 @ katyperry  i watched russell brand and i think his mind is fried  he looks really bad russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost !
 @ katyperry  katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser russell brand there is a guy who has got nothing going a waste !
the ebola nurse should never have been allowed to fly to cleveland and amazing back again nothing works in our once great country anymore
 @ periodpride :  the most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up ! ~  @ realdonaldtrump
i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obama's mental health why won't he stop the flights psycho !
it is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from west africa do it right now !
 @ markbrownpe :  a great man once said don't tell me how hard a job is going to be tell me how hard it was when you are finished !
i can't believe that mitt romney would run for president again he had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race
a nurse in dallas who treated ebola patient thomas duncan was allowed to fly to clevelandshe should never have been so allowed ! the real jv
with all of the words president obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to heari'll stop the flights
young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from
our president could not make a proper website with $5b the website still does not work how can we feel safe about ebola ? !
obama still refuses to stop the flights is he stubborn or just plain incompetent  i say both !
we pay for obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies then we pay for his golf
if you want more you have to require more from yourself  dr phil mcgraw
 @ tommya22 realdonaldtrump has no filter he says what needs to be said because no one else will say it
so many problems in the us and leadership that is hopelessand now on top of everything else we just hit $18 trillion in debt !
can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the us president obama spent the day playing golfworse than carter
if you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new  jeff bezos
the military generals are fuming at obama he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail sad !
think of this :  after we spent $2 trillion on iraq baghdad is about to be taken over by isis
the  @ nfl games are so boring now that actually i’m glad i didn’t get the bills boring games too many flags too soft !
even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills i would have produced a winner now that won’t happen
the people of buffalo should be happy terry pegula got the team but i hope he does better w/the bills than he has w/the sabres good luck !
are nfl games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination ? in any event i'm just not watching them much anymore !
here we go  a healthcare worker who treated thomas duncan the man who flew into the us from west africa infected with ebola caught it !
president obama now bring our 4000 innocent and illtrained soldiers home from west africa before it is too late and stop the flights !
remember when i said when saddam hussein fell  the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the us even more welcome isis !
if a conservative republican made the mistake that mrs obama just made by calling braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story !
 @ raychipendo :  we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible donald trump
 @ ricolodean :  mrtrump if you don't run i will honestly consider moving out of the country without your leadership we are in big trouble
do you notice that because of ebola isis etc obamacare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out a disaster !
wow  @ nfl ratings are down big league glad i didn't get the bills rather be lucky than good
the only reason i bid on  @ buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in buffalo where they belong mission accomplished
sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world  @ mcuban
lightweight  @ agschneiderman will probably win only because he is a dem in ny but what a loser !
obama is making the ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the us by not halting flights from west africa airport testing a joke
if you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed !
i feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the west africa to fight ebola their families are up in arms not trained
tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing on  news  reports the strikes were coming dumb
china is ripping wealth out africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with ebola let the stupid americans do it ! sad
the residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners buy now if you can !
the us is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from west africa with uncertain results stop the flights you dumb b's !
in a little reported event china has just overtaken the united states as the number one world economic power ! great going washington !
even jimmy carter just released a statement saying that obama doesn't have a clue that has to be a new low !
obama stop the flights to and from west africa now  before it is too late ! can't you see what's happening ? can you be that thick stupid ?
can you believe this fool dr thomas frieden of cdc just stated anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in west africa dope
any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked take them to gitmo for interrogation
entrepreneurs :  see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem
isis is advancing even against obama’s airstrikes obama is disengaged and making the middle east even more dangerous
obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve and the backend of the website does not even work
obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war againstisis ! why isn't china and russia helping  they gain so much !
i was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure never give up !
 @ vinnievegas76 : donald why don't you run for president if you run the usa like you run your businesses the usa would be a better place
 @ rzcarlsonruth realdonaldtrump just saw you on greta love listening to you speak i have so much respect for you  thank you !
obama has missed 58 of his intelligence briefings but our president does make 100 of his fundraisers
 @ scotgolfpodcast work has not yet begun we're in the approval phase it will be amazing you will love the final result
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft focus on other things !
what the hell is obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the us ! is he stupid or arrogant ?
i don't know what it is but i'm getting totally bored watching nfl football too many penalties and far too soft ! tv off and back to work
the jets just don't have it time for a quarterback change !
president obama i have an idea ! pretend that west africa is israel and then you will be able to stop the ebola area flights
president obama  close down the flights from ebola infected areas right now before it is too late ! what the hell is wrong with you ?
something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing :  no shaking hands !
if ebola is so noncontagious how come an nbc cameraman caught it so quickly while over in west africa ? us is behaving very foolishly !
can you believe that president obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the us from west africa terrible president !
 @ ricolodean realdonaldtrump i pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need please run in 2016
 @ valeveretts :  obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like please run for potus we need you
 @ drugfreeblayde realdonaldtrump is one of the smartest men in america put him in the office so true thanks !
really interesting president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa !
ebola patient duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with ebola he knew he did and person died
how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed !
the ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing came into contact with over 100 peoplehere we goi told you so !
we have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming syrian ‘rebels’ what is wrong with washington ? !
stop flights into the us from west africa immediately !
the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her headwhy can't the president appoint the best and the brightest ?
 @ andrewl1234 realdonaldtrump i'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so i can hopefully do half as much as you one day great
 @ calebccooper reading donaldtrump's the art of the deal for my entrepreneurship class so many cool stories and business lessons to learn
how dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and illequipped soldiers over to west africa to fight ebola stop all flights
here we go ! i stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from west africa now we have ebola in us and it will only get worse !
president obama should stay out of the hong kong protests we have enough problems in our own country !can't even properly police white house
success seems to be connected with action successful people keep moving they make mistakes but they don't quit  conrad hilton
factobama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the cia or dod too busy i guess !
keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
i've realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less get out there and go for it
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee ?
 @ cortneykahrs : why should mrtrump know who two random people are he's a celebrity he gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice
 @ montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic people love what you say and how you say it
 @ graememcdowell  you are the toughest guy there is if you were a boxer you’d be the champ great going !
 @ mcilroyrory  what a year it has been for you   and this weekend topped it off fantastic job see u at doral
i thought i was being nice to somebody re their parents i guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting sad !
some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said i was a big inspiration to them  pls rt—out of kindness i retweeted maybe i’ll sue
 @ jamcolley :  we need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get mrt elected president
 @ bitchclassyboss :  how i wish mr trump would write more books so in love with his books i am now writing the art of the deal part ii
every time i speak of the haters and losers i do so with great love and affection they cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up !
the animal who beheaded the woman in oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty the same fate  beheading ?
i wonder if i run for president will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again ? i say they will !
can you believe we still have not gotten our marine out of mexico he sits in prison while our president plays golf and makes bad decisions !
 @ youknowyournice  @ realdonaldtrump you are the man telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing i respect you  thank you
 @ loganb58 so cool to see  @ realdonaldtrump respond to so many people who tweet at him a true role model in the business world  thanks
 @ billydhayes nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship ! thank you for being that guy ! thank you
 @ grandeevents can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in dc we know it will be fabulous !  thank you
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's check them out !
 @ rosie—no offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it !    
go to 
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday
 @ scotlandgolf1  @ ivankatrump  @ trumpscotland  it is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients thank you
 @ spencerpyoung :  if  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president it will be the first time i actually go out and vote great !
 @ emohermione :  i really really really hope that  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president it would make all my dreams come true thanks
according to many isis was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
“always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other” – abraham lincoln
from rags to riches and back to rags ! 
our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose we are unable to move forward painlessly
without passion you don’t have energy and without energy you have nothing ! just one more of my totally brilliant quotes  use it well
the nfl should have its nonprofit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
the nfl image is really tarnished ! now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the nfl will be in big trouble boring games !
they just called this the biggest scandal in us sports history gma roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front !
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate
do you believe that obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in syriaisn't sure who they are what the hell is he doingwill turn on us
why are we sending thousands of illtrained soldiers into ebola infested areas of africa ! bring the plague back to us ? obama is so stupid
roger goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up his street smart players are laughing at him and the nfl !
i am convinced that if  @ alexsalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over scotland the vote would have been much better for him !
learn work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction
realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
 @ nycdeb8tr  mr trump i would love to see you spice things up and cut a rug on  # dancingwiththestars they would love to have me !
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate ? must focus on obamacare and amnesty
“there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option”   dean smith
in order to stop the ebola outbreak in africa perhaps the president should put all africans on obamacare rather than sending the troops !
“success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money”  johnny cash
every day mexico continues to hold sgt tahmooressi is an insult to our country
right to play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity a great causecheck it out 
 @ newmexicoroni  @ realdonaldtrump sadly they of course will blame you for the failure idiots  and i haven't been there in years
we must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the ebola infected areas of africa—before it is too late
entrepreneurs :   believe in yourself if you don't no one else will either
does anybody notice that atlantic city lost its magic after i left years ago i had the big boxing introduced ufc ask danathe best shows
can you believe that the us will be sending 3000 troops to africa to help with ebolathey will come home infected ? we have enough problems
it is so sad to see what has happened to atlantic city so many bad decisions by the pols over the years  airport convention center etc
if you can’t focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals
good luck to the people of scotland whatever their decision may be on thursday the whole world is watching—really exciting !
i will be on fox and friends at700 am enjoy !
 @ mkristin73 realdonaldtrump so are you running for president ? time will soon tell but if i do our country will be great again !
 @ cahlrstorrie realdonaldtrump you always know what to say you're an inspiration for millions if not billions thank you
i have nothing to do with atlantic citysold years ago great timing for losers and haters i never went bankrupt plus $10 billion sorry
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game !
secretary kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting isis they are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader !
 @ kstork48g realdonaldtrump i would love for you to run what would be your plan on stopping isis ? ? military mom here love you
 @ shoreline1996 donaldtrump please for all of humanity run for president but use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors
the judge in the oscar pistorious case is a total moron she said he didn't act like a killer this is another oj disaster !
they should have rebuilt the two buildings of the world trade center exactly as they were except taller and stronger a better statement !
i can't believe that the judge in the oscar pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder no one has been more guilty since oj !
can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of isis and now we are spending billions trying to get him back !
 @ joeyjoe78 :   great point ! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it ! it's time for other nations to pay up !
 @ daleschrock realdonaldtrump so true they should pay up for our protection and by the way stop persecuting christians over there too !
tell saudi arabia and others that we want demand ! free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private boeing 747spay up !
middle eastern countries must participate militarily no running away and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them !
i just want to know how much is saudi arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction pay up now !
if obama resigns from office now thereby doing a great service to the country—i will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses !
i made a great deal of money in atlantic city but left years ago when i saw so many political mistakes being made i have zero involvement !
why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against isis ? it puts our troops at a disadvantage
fact – obama still has not fixed the backend of the obamacare website this could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history
new poll states that a record number of americans have lost all faith in president obama  duh !
everything you can imagine is real —pablo picasso
with the labor participation rate at a 36 yr low over 92m americans are out of the work force
if amnesty is so popular according to the dc ruling class then why is obama delaying his executive action until after the election ?
 @ kandacec1 realdonaldtrump when am i gonna get to see some more of the apprentice i miss seeing you weekly soon !
 @ ian :  no one respects golf more than me but there is a time and place for everything mrtrump hitting the nail on the head !
 @ jbizz13 :  it was awesome seeing you at the ryder cup announcement last week ! so glad to have the pga of america coming to your course tnx !
getting ready to pay final respect to great lady joan rivers she could light up a room like no other ! she will be greatly missed
we just finished shooting a new season of celebrity apprentice and happily for all joan plays my advisor in two episodes she was great !
joan rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive  she would never give up or quit that is why she became a champion !
i will be going to the funeral of my friend joan rivers today i got to know her really well when she became the winner of the apprentice !
one of the big problems facing atlantic city are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which i fought for years before leavingcorruption !
 @ ericamelone realdonaldtrump anyone that knows you knows it has nothing to do with you don't worry about defending yourself you rock !
 @ justdoitmia realdonaldtrump hard not think atlantic city and not think of youyou're an icon there and always will be god bless you !
remember anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me i sold years ago and left good timing but very sad !
 @ nick2travel :  if trump was president there would be jobs all over and professionals like me would not have to move to another country
 @ billywmerritt :  the art of the deal got me off my ass and got me in the game we all have 24 hours in a day no excuses for me thanks !
i just started construction of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in dc many jobs will be finest hotel in us watch it happen !
i'm not saying to not give vaccines i am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time  not one massive dose for a child
in memory of joan rivers watch when she became my celebrity apprentice which meant so much to her ! 
joan rivers  @ joanrivers was an amazing woman and a great friend her energy and talent were boundless she will be greatly missed
“mold yourself into the person who can do big things” – think big
any american who fights w/ isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked if they try to come back in send them to gitmo
china continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily obama is sitting by and watching
so many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response they know far better than fudged up reports !
entrepreneurs :  do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts learn your lessons quickly then move on
entrepreneurs :   see yourself as victorious :  look at the solution not the problem
entrepreneurs :  never give up be tough apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious
entrepreneurs :  keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
entrepreneurs :   put everything you've got into what you're doing know  exactly what you want and go for it  nothing should be haphazard
 @ iambedmatrix  mr trump when is the announcement of miss universe host city ?  we love you and your pageant we just want to know soon !
no more massive injections tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time over time
young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination with hard work success will follow keep your focus !
“the idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited all you have to do is tap into that well”   @ jackwelch
 @ lorenzolamas  you are the man mr trump your als challenge was epic and all it represented love to the fam thanks lorenzo
 @ lizzymariedaoud :  mr trump i seriously love you your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real and you speak your mind !
 @ milagyi realdonaldtrump i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you 
 @ hardworkinmane realdonaldtrump i agree u would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force
 @ bgara2011 :  mrtrump today  @  church preacher said that if abraham was modern he would be someone like you thought you should know thanks
 @ mariedannunzio realdonaldtrump your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps thank you !
saudi arabia should fight their own wars which they won't or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth$ trillion !
have you been watching how saudi arabia has been taunting our very dumb political leaders to protect them from isis why aren't they paying ?
remember this the worst doctors by far are celebrity doctors if you see their names or read about them in the  news papers stay away !
in my book  @ joanrivers had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age something went really wrong that should not have !
what is happening in atlantic city casino closures is very sad  but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise ? timing
obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action now he’s about to do it what will congress do ?
good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented joan rivers !  winner of celebrity apprentice amazing woman
 # icebucketchallenge for those of you who wanted a picture here it is 
i have asked the reigning miss universe and miss usa to do the honors at least i will not have to wash my hair this morning ! enjoy
i will be doing the als ice bucket challenge this morning on twitter it is not something i look forward to doing but is for a good cause
 @ kornegaydanna empireofsocial i love donald trump people are just jealous i admire his family good man that would be a great potus
 @ ryankainec1 :  please run for president it's been a long time since we've had an honest president you are called to do great things
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  abraham lincoln
remember the harder you work the luckier you get !
he who demands little gets it  ellen glasgow
obama sent weapons through benghazi to isis yet he is holding up shi pm ents to israel what is he thinking ?
 @ mindcontroljpg realdonaldtrump i was just ranting about this to my wife ! he has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it
that seth meyers is hosting the emmy awards is a total joke he is very awkward with  almost no talent marbles in his mouth !
 @ nyrlenny realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will go door to door convincing people to vote for you  thanks !
 @ gaylemcconnau realdonaldtrump  it would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
 @ surferbobraider would vote for you sir never again will i vote for a career politician like  # obama i did twice regret it
the greater miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the miss universe pageant a decision will be made very soon !
 @ crossbowdave my wife kids and i visited nyc last week i loved going to the  # trumptower it was beautiful as i had hoped ! great thanks
 @ suptsims  it's scary to think we have obama for 2 more years we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation ! thank you
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work that’s tenacity and it’s critical to success” – trump never give up
 @ technotoaster realdonaldtrump  @ maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up donald i think u can do it but will u ?watch
isis made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion leadership !
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump the donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term true
re negotiation :  persistence can go a long way being stubborn can be good the key is to know when to loosen up
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your businessso give it a chance to work” – think like a champion
keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new  albert einstein
 @ ellenbourque writing4life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resortswhy not be our best in history as president ? just watch !
just started building one of the great hotels of the world in washington dc the site of the old post office will be amazing  jobs !
 @ donnieburner realdonaldtrump  next president i can tell you one thing we would have a great country againin fact better than ever !
such amazing people in india this trip is very enlightening !
i just had an amazing day in mumbai india building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great ! press is going wild
be ready for problems you’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective ask yourself :  is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ?
entrepreneurs :  resolve to be bigger than your problems who’s the boss ?
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing”  walt disney
“if you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result” – trump never give up
“do not view any failure as the end learn your lessons quickly then move on” – think big
“remember that fear can be conquered go full throttle and the odds will be on your side” – trump never give up
“we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible”    vince lombardi
the secret of getting ahead is getting started  mark twain
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world we need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning respect !
the world as we know it is falling apart much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected !
 @ hardworkinmane realdonaldtrump u need to have a talk show of your own it would really be big because u have interesting views i agree
 @ pacsgirl36 realdonaldtrump wish he would just resign he is hurting america now other parts of the world obama is a disaster
“if you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles”    sun tzu
obama will send troops back into iraq combat zone don’t believe anything he says just covering for his mistakes
what other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like obama is doing with isis whatever happened to the element of surprise ?
these are something i just can't buy excited for the  @ usopen 
discipline is a key ingredient for success it will build character motivation and bring opportunity
young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success
vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
 @ fuckceciliaa realdonaldtrump i hate to admit it but i'm with you on this one
think big stay focused be passionate don’t ever give up
so many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for ebola to the us started in small area of africa and now spreading fast
 @ sprkle :   your opinions on  # ebola were outstanding and intelligent if only we could channel some of this common sense to the wh
 @ happygirl71929 :  our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be doneyet another reason for you to run !
the bigger problem with ebola is all of the people coming into the us from west africa who may be infected with the disease stop flights !
a doctor on nbc nightly  news  agreed with mewe should not bring ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them
focus on your goals not your problems don't tread water get out there and go for it
we should have taken the oil in iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition really dumb us pols ! i'm so angry !
isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves i told you so
 @ jonsenior :  mr trump sir how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president ? all of them ? all !
 @ agentsanderson realdonaldtrump i hate myself for following you but you just have no control over yourself you need trump so badly !
 @ berrybrite1 realdonaldtrump they knew the risk when they went to africa they choose it freely
the fact that we are taking the ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the united states is absolutely crazystupid pols
the us must immediately stop all flights from ebola infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders act fast !
if you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed  that our president and therefore leader is grossly incompetent !
the obamacare website is in the  news  again  it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought and it doesn't work ! big trouble !
so many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the world such stupid leaders
just as i have been predicting for years iraq will fall to the people that hate  the us the most  just outside of baghdadkeep the oil
the us cannot allow ebola infected people back people that go to far away places to help out are greatbut must suffer the consequences !
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right  henry ford
stop the ebola patients from entering the us treat them  at the highest level over there the united states has enough problems !
ebola patient will be brought to the us in a few days  now i know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent keep them out of here !
if our border is not secure we can expect another attack a country with open borders is open to the terrorists
with our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs
if vera coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in palm beach florida
it takes guts to be a brand you cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand  midas touch
in order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure !
in any business there will be ups and downs if you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times
home ownership is at a 19 year low if you can buy now you will thank me later
obama should work on a ceasefire in chicago as well as gaza
 @ fogzide realdonaldtrump knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country so true !
youth unemployment is at a record high obamacare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers it must be repealed
watch – obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty
get our marine out of mexico 
 @ tokenone  i just finished reading your book think like a champion great stuff positive thoughts positive actions thank you
“be ready for problemsyou’ll have them every day keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges” – trump never give up
 @ sluthoee :  i know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better job if you were the president of the united states instead of obama ! true
it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york where the hell is global warming we need some fast !  it's now climate change
central american presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration 
the republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election how could they lose to obama ? !
so many major problems for the us and no answers by our leaders when will it all change ?  many of our difficulties are so easy to solve !
making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art  andy warhol
“be objective and strive to be your own counselor listen to others but know the final decision is yours” – think like a champion
“age is whatever you think it is you are as old as you think you are”   @ muhammadali
it's not whether you get knocked down it's whether you get up  vince lombardi
iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion
the best way to build a successful business is by results in the end that is what counts
wow obama really put it to israel by canceling flights there this puts them at a tremendous disadvantage tourism and more will just stop
article :  more illegals enter than people born in state each week  
why is washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our va is still in shambles ? vets should be the priority
we are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the world needs great leadership !
you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life  winston churchill
thanks  @ liljon for coming to my defense in rolling stone magazine as i have often said you are a terrific guy !
i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present that's where the fun is !
it takes guts to win !
i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the us and throughout the world that he has totally given up !
 @ jimmykimmel is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one $’s to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous
re negotiation :  realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
remember the old saying the more you learn the more you realize you don't know  it's true learning is a daily challenge
 @ mcilroyrory  great job rory  you have the heart and talent of a great champion work hard and win many more ! see you at turnberry
see yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact it’s the best path to comprehensive success   think like a champion
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  abraham lincoln
 @ miriamscherm :  i love your quotes they inspire me and always bring a smile to my face i shall fight until i draw my last breathe  nice
winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything  vince lombardi
if obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration
obama claims that he needs an extra $4b to secure the border well then he should not have wasted $5b on the obamacare website
 @ continuum9112 :  wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life ? interesting !
 @ kenziewilliams :  donaldtrump needs to to be the next president only person i can even think of that could fix such a fucked up nation
 @ thedouggrant realdonaldtrump good advice for romney during the last election  maybe this time he will listen
no matter what you're managing don't assume you can glide by you have to work to maintain your momentum  trump :  how to get rich
again i have nothing to do with the atlantic city closing  i have not even been there in many years some press was accurate some not !
iran looks like it is toying with john kerry on nuclear talks  he is begging for a deal to save face negotiation is just not his thing !
the  @ washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in atlantic city but knowingly failed to report that i am not involved left years ago
can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the us for the freedom of traitor bergdahl just another bad deal !
 @ thasugarmaker realdonaldtrump it seems you are the only one who speaks the truth wether we want to hear it or not
the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak us leader
the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex  give me a break !
they only changed the term to climate change when the words global warming didn't work anymore come on people get smart !
refloating the costa concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous should have taken it apart in small pieces  save fortune
it is a joke the amount of time that network  news  spends talking about the weather no wonder their ratings are way down ! enough already
again for all of the haters and losers i have nothing to do with atlantic city  got out a long time ago !
 @ nucmedman1 realdonaldtrump our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown  true
 @ asrteammatt realdonaldtrump now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground
i can't believe that 60 minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see at request of us leadership stupid !
the harder you work the luckier you get !
 @ vernacarre realdonaldtrump right move right time for you typical of your intelligence and business sense great timing
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years used to love ac !
the three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are :  hard work sticktoitiveness and common sense   thomas a edison
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill
mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader
mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief
on june 1st near washington dc i will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the us all holes front on the potomac river
 @ mrhawk440 realdonaldtrump your daughter would be great on the view why not someone interesting for once  ? now that would really work !
rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb  other than that i like her very much !
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster
if a person is  # 1 at harvard and comes from europe or asia they can't get into the us from mexico etc with a criminal record no problem
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else  albert einstein
“you have to keep going and moving forward no matter what is happening around you or to you” – think like a champion
“let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you” – trump never give up
when will the us stop sending $'s to our enemies ie mexico and others
the most stringent gun laws in the us happen to be in chicago  and look what is happening there !
obama looks exhausted and beaten he was never made or prepared for the job like it or not he doesn't have it
 @ seaopdet1 :  stand up and help us trump please someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office !
obama is in texas but will not be visiting the border he is too busy fundraising !
“as you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks” – neil young
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border why are we giving them money in the first place ?
if only the illegals were tea party members then obama would get them out of the country immediately
 @ tweetmyjobs :  in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish  donald trump
 @ dabostonfan realdonaldtrump if you were in office you would do everything right true
“set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people that’s the best way to work with people you like” – think like a champion
be a yardstick of quality some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected  steve jobs
our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president he was never qualified for job !
the immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue we need new leadership fast !
 @ chargermike41 :    @ backontrackusa wtf free to the immigrants ? but the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay ?
historic change ! obama has spent over $44m of our money on travel expenses the most for any president 
 @ automobilelens :  if the donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more ! try to trump that cowboys !
 @ kornegaydanna :  we have a bunch of idiots running the government ! why americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
let this be the day you go for your dream focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory you can do it !
 @ trumpcharlotte  i heard the fireworks show was amazing such a great club deserves it ! see everyone there soon  fantastic place
do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in iraq look bad or what ? everybody wants their oil  only made possible by us !
after foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the us will be the only one who won't get the oil in iraq
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  abraham lincoln
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment  ralph waldo emerson
if you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency  think like a champion
 @ tvbd  @ realdonaldtrump what's the best advice to be successful in business ? have passion for your work then focus and never give up
 @ cannestrader74  i find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading it is proving invaluable so thank you great thx
i never quit trying i never felt that i didn't have a chance to win  arnold palmer  @ kingdommag
there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice
 @ jennaw :  my parents asked me what i wanted to do after high school and i remember i say there and said i wanna be like donaldtrump thanks
champions aren't made in the gyms champions are made from something they have deep inside them  a desire a dream a vision  muhammad ali
entrepreneurs :  believe in yourself if you don't no one else will either
entrepreneurs :  see yourself as victorious :  look at the solution not the problem
what can you learn today that you didn't know before ? set the bar high  do the best you possibly can
the more you know the more you realize how much you don't know how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything ?
business is a creative endeavor cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big
have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time  think like a champion
 @ spemike  @ realdonaldtrump i live here in chicago and i love it your building is amazing as is your sign !  thank you
 @ greggscharin :  we need you to push the issues that this country is facing no one else will lay it on the line like you will !  # trumpcarson
 @ thenobodyspcl realdonaldtrump but can you get him to stop sucking at his job ?  that would be sadly impossible
always remember i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was ! hilary couldn't mccain couldn't
 @ dmolesevich realdonaldtrump you are the only person that can beat hillary  many are saying that interesting !
 @ mitchconnor4 realdonaldtrump after watching the roast of you i can confirm you are ready to be president ! it was fun thanks
i am in ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful atlantic ocean property it is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere ! doonbeg
ask yourself :  what am i pretending not to see ? there may be some great opportunities right around you
i know shia labeouf  @ thecampaignbook and when sober a really nice guy must get act together fast before too late
i just arrived in barcelona i make a big speech tomorrow and then off to ireland and scotland
practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental
realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
control your own destiny or someone else will  jack welch
after these spirited primaries are over  @ gop must be fully united for november if we take the senate we stop obama’s agenda
as iran began the process of taking over iraq many people wanted me to say that “i told you so !” – so i told you so
secy john kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock sad to watch
eli wallach was a great actor and a great guy my opinion his performance in the good the bad and the ugly was his all time best !
if you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty why would you abide by other laws ? no amnesty !
now syria is bombing iraq and secy kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don't do that syria is a front for iran
boycott mexico until they release our marine with all the money they get from the us this should be an easy one no respect !
 @ woofeous realdonaldtrump quote :  some succeed because they are destined to but most succeed because they are determined to
the secret of getting ahead is getting started  mark twain
“the only way to do great work is to love what you do if you haven’t found it yet keep looking don’t settle” – steve jobs
the benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our vets at the va obama has his priorities
i am the only potential owner of the  @ buffalobills who will keep the team in buffalo where it belongs !
 @ blutograndex know how u can tell trump is successful ? almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them interesting !
 @ dexcaliber have to confess i think the mr trump would have been a much better president then this fool we hav in office now
 @ d the government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel now they go through mexico wish donaldtrump was in charge
always make a total effort even when the odds are against you  arnold palmer  @ kingdommag
i wonder if when secy kerry goes to iraq and afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at global warming and study the carbon footprint ?
do you believe that secy kerry just went to egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
 @ gabtrojan realdonaldtrump surely an amazing thing for america if you run the country great mind at work !  would make us great again !
 @ akd72 realdonaldtrump i bet you will make hell of a president  the world needs presidents like you
 @ mrkhanm87 :  everyone wants to be donald trump yet no one knows what he has been through in past no one wants to accept the hard work
 @ reinosooo realdonaldtrump are you serious about being president ? i have a lot of faith in you  thank you
 @ abouttherock :  who do i look up to ? the answer is donald trump  thank you work hard and smart
 @ coreykotowski realdonaldtrump they are laughing on their way to the bank
i'd bet the lawyers for the central park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of nyc when there was such a strong case against their clients
how much money are the lawyers for the central park five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid  by the city or both ?
ny city is paying forty million dollars to five men that many think are guilty as hell so many facts   should have been trial politics !
 @ sdnc13 realdonaldtrump when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it  thanks
 @ scott23youmans :  if you run i will vote for you if you don't shame on you  be cool !
why isn't mexico releasing our marine us should come down really hard on them they have zero respect for our socalled leader
 @ poppawub :  people please ! although i would support trump he will never run for president fact why would he ever be so stupid !just wait
 @ mikesherwood03 :  i love the new sign in chicago ! it makes my drive down lakeshore drive that much better ! keep up the good work ! thanks
resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation  jack nicklaus
“hook your career to a big trend there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions” – think big
what took so long to catch only 1 of the benghazi terrorists ? especially after the killer has been taunting the us in the press f/2 yrs
from fox and friends interview :  trump :  we should not go back to iraq 
will the benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense ? if so will obama apologize to him ?
a country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail another broken promise by our leaders in washington
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on  @ trumpchicago i am honored by the great support
 @ muzic mr trump i am a huge fan i have all of your books and think you are a true genius when will you run for president sir ? watch !
america used to be the leader of the world thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind
 @ clarkr3000  love the sign in chicago ! you built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it kudos !  thank you
i was right—tv ratings for us open are way down from last year people don’t want to look at a burned out ugly course !
with our border not being secure obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country an attack is on him
 @ jrmarsy realdonaldtrump do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found ? no it is not in them !
 @ trcyhwlls realdonaldtrump i heard the show and am now a fan you were so honest and real ! thanks
i will be doing the howard stern show at 7 am 10 minutes always fun and interesting talking to howard !
 @ dannyboiling realdonaldtrump if you were president how many jobs could you create in 4 years ? more than ever before !
 @ jerr209 realdonaldtrump you sir you are my idol wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you  work hard
 @ paranormalfact realdonaldtrump we need someone like you in office who knows how to get this country out of debt  # trumpforpresident easy
 @ markquoted realdonaldtrump reading think big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet ?  well now is when we most need it
 @ jry227 have lived in chicago my whole life love the sign it brings class to the river don't know what the big deal is !
i bought the great turnberry resort today  considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the world i will take good care of it !
 @ joebud123 realdonaldtrump which one of your books should i read first ? the art of the deal
success comes with hard work focus and luck the luck comes to those who seek it out if you are not in the game you cannot get lucky
when isis caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them ?
choose your own path :  it doesn't have to be the path less traveledwhat matters is that it's the right one for you  vince lombardi
iraq is no longer our problem we never should have been there in the first place !
turnberry one of the most beautiful places in the world soon to be trump turnberry a luxury… 
the va scandal will only get worse over the time our vets deserve the best care possible we must be open to private solutions
the only reason i am critical of the pinehurst look is because i’m a lover of golf—and that look on tv hurts golf badly
 @ theramenes :   get  @ realdonaldtrump into wh he can lead and fix anything he is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people
 @ davidcanlas88 wish you would advice the kardashians and the jenner sisters on child rearing you did a good job upbringing your girl
 @ deannaspillyard :  chicago should be so lucky to have the king of new york invest in their city ! love the sign ! it should be bigger jmo !
 @ welsh  @ realdonaldtrump you have made some great courses but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course ! i agree !
 @ mattginellagc  matt you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful you are all talk no substance !
 @ mattginellagc  i have watched open championships at turnberry one of the great golf courses of the world pinehurst not in the same league
i'd bet the horrible look of pinehurst translates into poor television ratings this is not what golf is about !
i would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy fathers day
 @ phagan2 realdonaldtrump your children are smart and capable you must take the reins and get the usa back  # 1  it can be done
 @ scleroshima realdonaldtrump you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now  so true !
i have been very consistent and always said that iraq would fall as soon as the us left what a terrible waste of lives and money !
iran is moving troops into iraq under the guise that it is helping out actually they will take over iraq and all of their oil stupid us
 @ steelesue realdonaldtrump i think your sign needs to stay i think it looks great love it
if you want to be successful in business you must take risks make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback
thank you  @ todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on chicago sign people love it !   
 @ amybdt realdonaldtrump so many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one give me a break ! love it ! !
 @ davennt :  if you have a problem with  @ realdonaldtrump putting trump on his building you need to reassess your life get over it
 @ trutt78 realdonaldtrump  you want to do something nice for chicago and they shoot you down piss on rahm he is just an obama lap dog
 @ matthewerdman :  donaldtrump you built a beautiful highrise you pay your taxes you should be able to put up whatever signage you want
the iraqi army is useless president obama stay the hell out of iraq we should never have been there in the first place
we should never have gone into iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster make america great again !
 @ donekwegba :  when mr trump wants to get at something he goes all the way he walksthetalk there are only a few of them left ! thank you
before i bought the site the sun times had the biggest ugliest sign chicago has ever seen mine is magnificent and popular
in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is darrell hammond
people are loving the trump sign on the chicago building big league tweets letters and calls…
 @ awoodylou realdonaldtrump you are an inspiration to us all if only you would run for president and sort all this shit out
i told all of the haters and losers long ago that iraq would fall take the oil or get out fast ! massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
iraq told us to get out iraq is now falling and iraq now wants us to come back ! don't do it unless we get the oil and i mean all of it !
iraq is falling apart fast  two trillion dollars and so many deaths  bush got us in and obama took far too long to get us out !
 @ mmmkamilla :  i have never voted before but if mrtrump ran for president i would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him
someone just asked me who is my favorite donald trump impersonator ? 
we are what we repeatedly do excellence therefore is not an act but a habit   aristotle
iraq is far worse and of more danger to the us now than it ever was under saddam hussein  and this after $2 trillion and so many lives !
 @ retrogirl01  he sure has my vote ! it's time we get someone in there that has a brain ! a business mind to clean this mess up ! thank you !
as i have said the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa big win today !
 @ askmrwhitey realdonaldtrump you have the finances and the name and we have the votes get on it lets make it happen
what i am saying is that we never should have been in iraq in the first place bush was terrible obama is worse ! make america great again
i told you so a long time ago :  iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run only the beginning !  oil
 @ joebannas realdonaldtrump there are no friends over there  you can not trust anybody they where probably set up  get our boys out
five us soldiers killed in afghanistan by socalled friendly fire what are we doing ?
 @ davidjroth :  i was never one who looked at success as bad for me success was always good i loved it and still do  donald trump
 @ jtphi212 :  just heard you on  # foxandfriends we can count on you to tell it like it is from a veteran thank you for your honesty ! !
negotiation tip :  know exactly what you want and focus on that trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills
negotiation is an art treat it like one be open to changeit's another word for innovation
negotiation tip :  view any conflict as an opportunity  this will expand your mind as well as your horizons persistence can go a long way
 @ mkathleenhunter donald that's a wonderful picture of you and your dad you can sense his love and pride in you ! thank you
heading over to the miss usa pageant the young women participating are amazing and accomplished competition is very tough enjoy the show !
the man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the nuclear variety brought upon us because of weakness !
the miss usa pageant will be amazing tonight to be politically incorrect the girls women are really beautiful nbc at 8  pm 
 @ donaldtrump2016 realdonaldtrump if you were in washington this country would be in better shape  wow thank you for caring so much !
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama  in fact it is not even close !
remember the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders killers and we got back a nothing will come back to haunt us !
 @ amsworld realdonaldtrump its embarrassing yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around a bunch of clueless leaders true !
we have to make the usa rich again so that we can afford to pay social security medicareand medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
by the end of this year china will be the number one economic power on earth and the us will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to china !
the owner of california gold just made a jerk fool out of himself just smile and congrat the winner his wife was visibly embarrassed !
will be in louisiana for the miss usa pageant which will be on nbc on sunday night watch miss pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story
negotiation tip   the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it   @ realdonaldtrump
thank you to the greatest heroes 
obama is without question the worst ever president i predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood !
 @ eriksson :  call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors ?”  ? ? ?
i believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders president obama gave up for bergdahl a great deal of cash was also given so stupid !
 @ ichekolom all mr  @ realdonaldtrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth loving the tweets thank you
 @ mikeygojca  @ realdonaldtrump   speaks the truth and is as successful as he is must be doing something right i guess so thanks !
i hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the us government will start sending them money !
if you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic  think like a billionaire
obama never consulted with congress about a prisoner exchange he broke the law and should be tried our president is a total disaster !
are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence ?
was susan rice told to lie about bergdahl ? obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from obamacare to a deserter
the five taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now they are saying how dumb us is !
our president is a great embarrassment to the us how could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap ?
it would be nice if our commanderinchief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens
because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every american throughout the world terrorists are thrilled
president said we would never leave a soldier behind how about the 4 who died in benghazi ?
 @ taylormcbath obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world we are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
bowe bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to solders died looking for him us should never have made the deal ! punishment ?
that the obama administration didn't know the facts about who bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic !
 @ woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see mr trump in the oval office business would get done thanks and true
 @ arseniohall just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible the apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it !
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy if you run my whole school will vote for you
 @ teabo :  how many people would vote for donaldtrump if he ran ? i would if you can make in  new york you can make it anywhere  # newyorkny
 @ davidc :  i refuse to vote for anybody but trump in the next presidential election he is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
the statement about leaving the base came directly from cbs evening  news 
 @ maathewdavis realdonaldtrump please run for president to save america my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do it ! true
 @ awew realdonaldtrump now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want
the us cannot negotiate with terrorists it is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster
 @ annelol realdonaldtrump i hope my children are just like you  so nice thanks
 # thearseniohallshow   well it had to happen people that are disloyal in the long run never make it arsenio was just cancelled !
“the greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude”   @ oprah
the american worker is being victimized by our trade policies we need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers
our country is on the precipice washington is broken where is the leadership ?
our vets are the pride of our nation the va scandal is a disgraceif you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic :  snowden obamacare va russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more
 @ adeezy101  @ realdonaldtrump even after making billions what keeps you motivated ? if you have passion for your work you will be motivated
entrepreneurs :  be prepared and be tough cover your bases ! there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared
focus on your goals not your problems and rememberproblems are a mind exerciseso enjoy the challenge
intrinsic means basic inborn elemental if you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away  think like a champion
thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the national press club it was my great honor !
like it or not edward snowden is a spy and should be tried as a spy ! he has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
the blue monster is celebrated in june issue of robb report as the best of the best winner in golf course category 
the boston bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the va we must do better !
our greatest weakness lies in giving up the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time  thomas a edison
“results are what mattera series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement”  think like a champion
 @ nawal :  if someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize forgive them and move on but never trust them again by  @ realdonaldtrump
 @ luuuucy15 realdonaldtrump run for pres 2016 ! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you thank you nice !
i am speaking today at the national press club totally sold out and will then be inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue !
what doesobama know about the va or business  nothing just look at the five billion dollar obamacare website we need a real leader !
 @ house6000 :  that limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing i wish i was as lucky as he was have a great day !  thanks !
have a great and peaceful memorial day  but remember there are people out there who don't want us to have peace we must be strong !
 @ jakemhs :  the guy next to me on the train apparently supports donald trump for president  and so do many others  our country is a mess !
the obama administration gives better medical care to al qaeda at gitmo than to our vets
the va scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government when will we learn ?
very excited to be addressing the  @ repleadconf next friday in new orleans there is much to discuss !
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting  in the end you win !
logic will get you from a to b imagination will take you everywhere  albert einstein”
 @ calebsthomas  @ realdonaldtrump what books should i read for business ? particularly by you  start with the art of the deal
beepee2004 thank you very much donald here is another 
i have been watching and loving the united states for many years and have never seen it look weaker or less effective !
 @ realtmfleming your seminars books shows all have impacted my life for better the number 1 thing i learned from you :  think big ! great !
talent is cheaper than table salt what separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work  stephen king
some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them”   anonymous
persistence is a key for success don’t give up continue to think big and you will be able to close deals
just returned from ireland scotland and dubai amazing trip great placesbut always good to be back
entrepreneurs :  do your best to your utmost ability every day make that your standard
logic will get you from a to b imagination will take you everywhere  albert einstein
going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in dubai !
remember china is not a friend of the united states !
a classic  china just signs massive oil and gas deal with russia giving russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in us face
entrepreneurs :   see yourself as victoriousand the best way to be victorious is to be passionate find something you love doing !
entrepreneurs :   stay focused and be tenacious pay attention to people who know what they're talking about stay fixed on your goals !
entrepreneurs :  get a momentum going listen apply then move forward do not procrastinate see opportunity as the perk that it is
we must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the united states our country must be strong again !
getting ready for the big  news  conference in dubai it should all be happening in the us but it isn't  sad !
 @ libproject realdonaldtrump you add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful interesting !
 @ lbcxyz realdonaldtrump every city in the us would be like dubai if you were president
i cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the us there is no reason for this other than poor leadershipwe should be 1
i really like jay z but there is trouble in paradise when his wife's sister starts whacking him not good ! no help from b leads to a mess
i will be heading to dubai where i am doing a great project with damac  will be a massive success !
 @ nectarusafsm kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president he knows business and people he needs to be in the oval office now
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill
winners i am convinced imagine their dreams first they want it with all their heart and expect it to come true  joe montana
advice from my father fred c trump :   know everything you can about what you're doing
donald trump is confident that ireland is ready for a big comeback 
advice from my mother mary macleod trump :  trust in god and be true to yourself
be a yardstick of quality some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected  steve jobs
be a cautious optimist call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
if you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning
the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary vince lombardi
 @ 10ajmccarron will do great in the nfl  all he does is win ! bengals made a very wise decision
time warner cable out again in manhattan  no television they have a real problem !
 @ call4  @ realdonaldtrump is one of the most successful businessman in america he's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side don't believe that one either
a rare case where the us should help 
many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up    thomas a edison
teams are making a big mistake not taking johnny manziel  he is going to be really good and exciting to watch
i think somebody should pick johnny football  he will be a star
i am watching the nfl draft will be interesting ! a lot of talent but only a few will become stars
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment  ralph waldo emerson
“no matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part”   @ tigerwoods
remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will when you have success let people know about it
discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation  midas touch
also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals be smart !
the global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders !
dennis rodman was either drunk or on drugs delusional when he said i wanted to go to north korea with him glad i fired him on apprentice !
crazy dennis rodman is saying i wanted to go to north korea with him never discussed no interest last place on earth i want to go to
“if you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business”  think like a billionaire
 @ davidbarringer4  for the record trump ties are the best ties i have ever owned  high quality and very appealing thanks
either miss pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay she hurt many people !
we will never have great national security in the age of computers  too many brilliant nerds can break codes the old days were better
the road to success is always under construction   arnold palmer
do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best  andrew carnegie
“do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way” – think like a champion
over 90 of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare repeal before it is too late !
 @ iamsloany realdonaldtrump the only thing we need is you too run !  we can be great again
the ring announcers are working hard to justify the mayweather victory they should be ashamed of themselves ! a total joke
no wonder boxing is close to dead !
crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision  place is angry and going wild fight was not even close ! disgusting
fight is over  mayweather lost big  but lets see what judges say !
mayweather is getting absolutely killed !
the reporter that called kevin durant mr unreliable should be fired or at least apologize he is a truly great player and a winner !
there must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media incredible that some socalled journalists can make up lies and get away with it
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead victory
 @ horher :    @ benedwards55 i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president
 @ pawsar  @ realdonaldtrump mrtrump when are you going to run for president of the united states ? we need someone with a backbone and brains
 @ sethmeyers  seth can't help it  he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes very awkward and insecure !
seth myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him bad interviewer marbles in his mouth !
 @ matteastwood  say what you will about trump but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses ! true the best in the world
 @ benedwards55  i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president probably true !
never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands be prudent it's best to have your concessions predetermined
negotiations 101 :  the best deals you can make are the ones you walk away fromand then get them with better terms
getting ready for some big  news  with my friends at  @ pgaofamerica
it will now start to cool down concerning sterling and the clippers this mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past !
 @ cassiewellkid :  i think donald trump should run for president  thank you we sure do need someone  and fast !
 @ paul1994loan they should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said selective editing is very unfair true
 @ michaelgferrara i don't agree with you most of the time  but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda thxtrue
 @ foxesba  i knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as i listened to your interview so did i !
just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my  @ foxandfriends interview 
it’s important to listen to what people say “horrible” and “disgusting” are the words i used in response to sterling’s comments
it is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner
a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back never underestimate the power of greatness !
putin has shown the world what happens when america has weak leaders peace through strength !
president obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that i am concerned he will do something totally irrational he can't lead !
isn't it ironic that china is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others  @ alexsalmond
we allow japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them  our country is in big trouble !
nytimes headline states obama suffers setbacks in japan trade deal can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us we have cards
“once you know you love your job never stop and never give up” – think like a billionaire
south korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals their surplus vs us is massive  and we pay for their protection who negotiates ?
 @ andreatantaros  it was great to see you  say hi to all !
use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger  think big
 @ petegagliardo seeing how excited trump is about the bills is awesome we deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in buffalo
 @ richrobins0n i love trump because he actually says what’s on his mind not what the people want to hear that’s why he’s a leader  thanks
no surprise assad is not destroying his chemical weapons he never intended to in the first place
to be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities few ever get rich easily  think like a billionaire
 @ robhammond11 buffalobills anyone who houses the great jim kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise  it was my honor !
 @ jeniferstevens :  someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this i nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
 @ adeezy101 realdonaldtrump are you just going to complain about it ? or are you going to make a difference in 2016 ?  just watch !
 @ mcilroyrory  thanks for your nice note  they love you at trump national doral you are looking good  will have a great year !
always remember sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make !
rep stephen lynch dma said there's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicineit's going to hit the fan 're obamacare
last thursday obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term the next day he again stopped keystone
get the big picturebut be prepared for the picture to change where there's a will there's a win think positively !
understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and lifebut always look for the opportunities
think big set your vision high and go for it you'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do   midas touch
after thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars iraq i told you so is imploding really dumb pols put us and kept us thereso sad !
if america unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world washington is holding us back
we all know that chess is a game of strategy so is business  think like a champion
just finished another week of filming  @ apprenticenbc this season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet
obama through his cronies said the keysyone pipeline was not political  how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things ?
huffington post is just upset that i said its purchase by aol has been a disaster and that arianna huffington is ugly both inside and out !
 @ fenitaayu1 :  i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don't know everything ~ donald trump
look snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing  but we have far worse in our government guess who ?
 @ ymatthews956 :   when are you going to give us the big  news  about your new real estate deal ? looking forward to hearing about it ! soon !
 @ wadar1969 realdonaldtrump do u think our government still has the gold they say they have in colorado ft knox etc i doubt it sadly !
happy easter  have a great day !
 @ billsmafia  you would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there !  @ nflcommish
 @ ncbillsfan  the bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance ! mr trump is the man ! great things will happen nflcommish
 @ frankpro   frank you are making a mistake no one will do a better job than me and team would stay in buffalo
have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal ! good night
 @ johntisdall realdonaldtrump you owe it to this country go for it you can fix it  i definitely can !
 @ generaltso316 realdonaldtrump i have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties i own that cost $125 at macy's great
snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the us a spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed
 @ rwill9584 realdonaldtrump buying the bills would be the best thing for not only the team but for the city of buffalo !  @ nflcommish
i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability !
remember russia still has snowden when are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial ? he caused great damage !
i will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced happy easter and/or holiday to all
 @ mjohnstonxoxo   my favorite part of school is watching the first season of the apprentice in business tech  great !
i was always a big fan of kim novak and still am—a wonderful actress
nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an alltime high this past march 
cbo now estimates that over 25m will lose jobs directly because of obamacare repeal now before it is too late
entrepreneurs :   ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit
entrepreneurs :   have your own vision and stick with it don’t be afraid to be unique don’t tread waterget out there and go for it
entrepreneurs :  identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve then study the best people in your field and learn from them
entrepreneursalways remember that every day counts stay focused stay positive and develop momentum
success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results  think like a billionaire
obama has changed the census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of o'care 
remember negotiations are fluid remain calm and don’t settle easily if you have the goods you will ultimately win
oscar pistorious the blade runner is as guilty as oj  i wonder if the result will be the same ?
 @ alexsalmondi have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting scotland
al sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote which is worse his grammar or his thoughts ?
obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan” so why would anyone believe his bogus obamacare enrollment numbers ? !
an appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last   winston churchill
however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results   winston churchill
if the wind will not serve take to the oars  latin proverb
 @ bubbawatson  what a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy ! congratulations on another fantastic masters win
learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow the important thing is not to stop questioning  albert einstein
 @ mearnest33 agree that yod.c.res would be a great change but i don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years it can be done !
 @ kathomas212   congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the city you will be great !
congratulations to  @ stephenathome  i will see you on the show !
entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future be sure to cultivate relationships
into our first week of filming  @ apprenticenbc the celebrities are already turning up the heat major fireworks !
 @ rabbitr money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  donald trump
really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend  one of the greatest shows on earth !
 @ cbreeze65 realdonaldtrump the only obvious candidate for the right the don needs to run ! it just makes sense
 @ keithrh :  how long do you think the united states will take to recover from our current administration ? a long time unless i become pres
 @ jsalbertousa :  i visited nyc last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city greetings from miami
 @ steveleno80 the art of the deal was the 1st book i read of yours and it was n still is a great read all of ur books r great reads thanks
so many people don’t understand i am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time
 @ ddoublej   @ realdonaldtrump mr trump what book of yours do you think i should read first ? my first book the art of the deal
 @ kimkotter  kim keep up the great work  you are really doing well !
it's 435 am and i am working on a very exciting and hopefully very good deal  a major resort the harder i work the luckier i get !
 @ lexi  great job in winning your first of many majors we are proud of you at trump international work hard  be an all time great !
 @ bigonbeets realdonaldtrump if you could do anything to change the world for the better what would you do ?  fire obama !
 @ racrboi90 realdonaldtrump what influenced you to go into politics ? it will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders !
 @ mgmacdon realdonaldtrump if they had to say yes who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice ? the pope !
major league baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let mark cuban buy a team was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole ?
for china of all nations to search the massive indian ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
 @ dchamp5810 realdonaldtrump  @ indigoblue65 you are the greatest and you can make this nation  # 1 in the world just as it once was
 @ denzen :  successful people work their asses off to make it only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly
i hate what has happened to the once great  @ cnn
there is only one way to avoid criticism :  do nothing say nothing and be nothing– aristotle
never let the fear of striking out get in your way  babe ruth
ask yourself :  what can i learn today that i didn't know before ? always be a student always be open to new ideas
great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance samuel johnson
i hear the very ungrateful  @ arseniohall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings really too bad !
entrepreneurs :  watching you could be the motivation for your employeesmake it an example that will best serve the success of your business
entrepreneurs :  pay attention to details if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing you'll be in for some big surprises
entrepreneurs :  be cautiously optimistic  call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
if everything seems under control you're just not going fast enough  mario andretti
people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing andrew carnegie
discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success questions are thoughts with a quest  think like a champion
 @ tyler4rmwc you would make a great president  if anyone can get us out of debt it's you sir  everything you touch turns to gold thanks
 @ ajfrugoli thank you for building a beautiful hotel in vegas that i don't have to cover my children's eyes or my eyes when we enter thx
in new york march was the coldest month in recorded history  we could use some global warming !
 @ harveyhandy realdonaldtrump if potus what would you do with russia right now ?  all i can say is that they would respect the us
do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail  ralph waldo emerson
 @ dalasner  @ realdonaldtrump love to see you one on one with bill maher without his morons in his audience he would have no chance !
 @ magicjohnson  good luck with the dodgers this season if they were like you they would never lose a game !
 @ genesimmons  keep up the great work and congrats  we are proud of you !
 @ betsyscribeindc realdonaldtrump begging you to run for president you must save this country you're the one who can do it true !
 @ winger23 :  obamacare has ruined healthcare everyone i know is having a hard time paying their new plans it costs too much !
 @ arseniohall  how quickly people forget but not me ! you told me that without the apprentice you could never have gotten your show  sad !
to all haters and losers :  i am not antivaccine but i am against shooting massive doses into tiny children spread shots out over time
to all young and old entrepreneurs :  believe in yourself talk yourself up ! energize yourself and you'll energize others
 @ realmikepalumbo  walked in trump tower for the first time this week gorgeous as all your work love the trump experience  thank you
entrepreneurs :   believe in yourself if you don’t no one else will either realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort
entrepreneurs :   another question to ask yourself—“what am i pretending not to see ?” there may be great opportunities right around you
for entrepreneurs :  a good question to ask yourself –“what can i provide that does not yet exist ?”
 @ samjabbo   @ realdonaldtrump i haven't read any of your books yet which one should i start with ? the art of the deal is a good start
inspiration exists but it has to find us working   pablo picasso
with autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs big pump doses into those tiny bodies ?
 @ realjuliemallen  indeed she was mrt she also looks like she was beautiful person as well  great moms matter they shape who wer thank you
healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesn't feel good and changes  autism many such cases !
 @ gobnaseem :   do you think your book from 2004 how to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in today's day of age ?  yes !
 @ bossman140 realdonaldtrump the most brilliant observation you have ever made parents should take your advice
if i were president i would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take  autism
autism way up  i believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots too much for small child to handle govt should stop now !
 @ rtesta :  please run for president and announce it in nh ! we need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up ! true !
 @ oben02 :  money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game   @ realdonaldtrump
 @ winstons6079w   i'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish they were great !
 @ jamesholt52  @ realdonaldtrump we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man that is your strength thank you
 # tbt for all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person here we are with my father 
edddie24   mr trump is a real american patriot  you have my vote if you ever ran  ? ?  thank you
 @ kdharris59 i want someone who is liked by half and considered a sob by the other half  i bet mr trump fits that   interesting
 @ bigjohn6531 you were 100 on the mark donald when you said we should have taken some iraqi oil  true now iran has it
remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make !
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts  winston churchill
you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life   winston churchill
some great quotes from the legendary and courageous winston churchill :  never never never give up 
if you’ve looked over the yearsi’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq not going in but if so taking the oil to jobs to china
by obama mentioning manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target  # 1 how totally stupid is this guy ?
this is the time for the united states to be strengthening all important military components  not rolling over and dealing from weakness !
not good or smart for obama to be calling russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in nyc
president obama looks absolutely exhausted in the netherlands he is not a natural leader was never ment to lead  it is tough work for him
he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else  benjamin franklin
robert slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me he will be missed 
 @ marky4792 realdonaldtrump will you please run for the president united states we really need a swift kick in the ass
i had a great time answering your questions in the latest  # askthedonald watch and see if your question made it in 
obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off air force one  doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall
i wonder if apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iphone i hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue
obama must now focus get his mind off marchmadness and lead ! watch russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of obamacare !
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think  and could lead to world war iii we need great leadership fast
i believe putin will continue to rebuild the russian empire he has zero respect for obama or the us !
putin has become a big hero in russia with an all time high popularity obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers sad
great advice from my father :  know everything you can about what you're doing  fred c trump
continuous effort  not strength or intelligence  is the key to unlocking our potential   winston churchill
president obama be cool be smart be sharp and focus no more march madness and you can beat putin at his own game it can be done !
while putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the world president obama is watching march madness basketball !
i don't hate obama at all i just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history !
president obama was able to fool the americans by getting elected but not able to fool vladimir putin too bad for us !
failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently  henry ford
things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out    john wooden
looks like plane may have been found in the indian ocean off the coast of australia
 @ emilyfashion16 realdonaldtrump then you should run for president ! i know you could turn this country around  i definitely could fast
head on over to my facebook page to have your questions answered in the next  # askthedonald 
entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money they work to create or acquire assets focus on assets  midas touch
 @ allanschwartz1    @ realdonaldtrump and you love what you do run  for president you will love it  interesting !
get to the essence immediately learn to economize people appreciate brevity in today's world  think like a champion
the only way to do great work is to love what you do  – steve jobs
president obama could totally solve the problem with putin by demanding that russia sign on to obamacare thereby destroying their economy !
wow putin is really taking advantage of president obama it is important that obama responds with strength and determinationbe smartcool !
some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them !
when nobody wanted the ufc i opened the way by letting them fight at the trump taj mahal in atlantic city dana white has done a great job !
 @ tomnocera :  somebody said the first casualty of war is truth somebody tell kerry to take dt with him to negotiate the russian surrender
frumpy and very dumb gail collins an editorial writer at the new york times is so lucky to even have a job check her out  incompetent !
while i won't be running for governor of new york state a race i would have won i have much bigger plans in mind stay tuned will happen !
the top leadership of the new york state republican party is totally dysfunctional  they haven't won a major election in many years
i have clearly stated that if the new york state republican party is able to unify i would run for governor and win they can't unify sad !
we are what we repeatedly do excellence then is not an act but a habit   aristotle
one who fears failure limits his activities failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again  henry ford
amazing how the press protected president obama when he did the socalled comedy routine with zach g he looked like a fool  they said cute
 @ jacoprinsloo12 realdonaldtrump you are my hero man keep doing what you are doing  thank you i will
 @ integgriti realdonaldtrump mrtrump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse it is real sad now
i just beat a lawyer from yale and a lawyer from harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions $ they were so dumb !
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other   abraham lincoln
by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail  benjamin franklin
i love taking lawsuits all the way when i’m right  @ agschneiderman  is finding that out the hard way !
the secret of getting ahead is getting started   mark twain
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else  albert einstein
 @ mikee116 if you run you got my vote you know how to run business and grow it that's what our country needs   thanks
rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like yod.c.ecause i feel that old american greatness in your mentality it makes me feel hope ! thx
many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up thomas a edison
 @ jontwolegit realdonaldtrump when does celebrity apprentice start spring is in the air so i know it must be soon  shooting in 2 weeks
 @ thegrumpyhusky :  the blue monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course it is more than just a masterpiece  it is immortal
the newly built blue monster at trump national doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it  thank you !
the road to success is always under construction  arnold palmer
the unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at cpac  thank you !
of course i don't think jimmy carter is deadsaw him today on tv just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as president stiff !
is business success a natural talent ? i think it's a combination of aptitude work and luck   think like a champion
get to the essence immediately learn to economize people appreciate brevity in today's world  think like a champion
we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts gary player
the more predictable the business the more valuable it is predictability also means consistency of brand experience midas touch
success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results  think like a billionaire
if you're passionate about your work you will never give up
remember to keep goingif you stop your momentum will stop
actually putin doesn't want alaska because the environmental protection agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil !
what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska ?
 @ jtimberlake it was great having you play the blue monster thanks for your nice statementsmany agree that it is best they've seen !
very exciting week for  @ trumpdoral i will be in miami opening what will soon be best resort in us world golf championship this week !
i have always liked ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night  fumbling and stumbling !
ellen was so awkward and insecure last night the pizza skit was terrible she should dump andy lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent !
 @ joshgliege realdonaldtrump is really not liking the oscars he tells it the way it is which would be a nice in a president  # trump2016
was president obama in charge of this years academy awards  they remind me of the obamacare website oscars
this is amateur night  who the hell is in charge of this production ?  # oscars
little andy lassner who lives his life through ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night !  # oscars
i don't know how much longer i can take this bullshit  so terrible !  # oscars
which is worse and which is more dishonest  the  # oscars or the emmys ?
they must be kidding  can this be happening  # oscars
i should host the  # oscars just to shake things up  this is not good !
is this boring or is it just me ?  # oscars
will be playing golf today with rand paul at trump international in palm beach will be both interesting and fun !
china has just intervened to lower the yuan in other words they will continue to screw the us !
by popularextremely demand i will be live tweeting the  # oscars2014 on sunday night tell all your friends i will not be pulling punches !
the world is falling apart around us but we don't have people who know how to play the game the us is in big trouble  no leadership !
the us has appealed ro russia not to intervene in ukraine  russia tells us they will not become involved and then laughs loudly !
success tip :  don't tread water get out there and go for it there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
lightweight  @ agschneiderman is driving business out of ny so that he can get publicity for his failing political career
 @ petedahlgren  i find myself constantly thinking about momentum thks to you  keep giving great advice we are listening  ok
to aspiring entrepreneurs :   be ready for problems you'll have them every day so remember to look at the solutionnot the problem
to aspiring entrepreneurs :   trust your instincts they are there for a reason
with the world hating us and wanting to destroy the us we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since '39
 @ rustypool1 realdonaldtrump you know america whether you like him or not trump was 100 correct on this one
iraq buying $200000000 worth of weapons from iran despite so many killed and trillions spent iraq dumps us i told you so long ago !
building a personal brand ? then focus on being great focus on being the best at what you do excellent article :  
entrepreneurs :  keep your momentum see yourself as victorious and leading a winning team keep everyone moving forward
entrepreneurs :   don't expect anyone to be on your side sometimes we're all in this alone so believing in yourself is mandatory
entrepreneurs :   everything starts with you leadership is not a group effortif you're in charge then be in charge
we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time  dropping it from us !
whether you like it or not the russians did a great job in hosting the olympics ! remember when obama went to europe to get olympicsfourth
 @ darealfito realdonaldtrump not only would you be an amazing president you would be the only one that can give america it's balls back !
russia beat the united states in the olympicsanother obama embarrassment ! isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass ?
 @ barrustj :   is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible # trump2016
do you think that very dumb reporterblogger mckay coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in florida ?
 @ danawhite  you have done an amazing job  i am proud to have been there at the very beginning !
great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance samuel johnson
 @ alexeveslage realdonaldtrump should be president he could get things done  that is so true !
 @ michaelkakos realdonaldtrump when and if you run you will be my first president that i vote for in my life trump2016
 @ timothyrosinski realdonaldtrump if you run for potus you will win ! just think about that  thank you
 @ michaelrcaputo thank you for all of your support you have been amazing !
individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work vince lombardi
 @ woodrowwinters you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you badly thx
 @ cmac23jenkins :  i dont care how old it is i will always get so pumped up when i listen to donald trump really nice sort of ? !
governor cuomo is right about one thing  attorney general eric schneiderman does wear eyeliner ! what the hell is up with him ?
 @ graeme123s i have that many trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me i have what it takes thanks
 @ rcoldwellbanker :  i wear a suit everyday to be professional but i top it off with a  # trumptie to say i'm on top of my game and successful
ben smith is that really his last name ? of  @ buzzfeed is a total mess who probably got his minion coppins to do what he didn't want to do ?
a legitimate article about me
do you think john kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in iran and north korea and  pakistan already has them ! !
do you believe this one  secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change laughable
don't let the global warming wiseguys get away with changing the name to climate change because the facts do not let gw tag to work anymore !
 @ mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
 @ lodgeatdoonbeg  one of the great places on the planet  and will only get better now that i own it and will be investing large sums in it !
set the bar highdo the best you possibly can be focused disciplined and alert every single day
i never did a day's work in my life it was all fun  thomas a edison
 @ therealtmac11  @ trumpsoho my wife and i stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful but the service is outstanding thank you
i hope that derek jeter has such a fantastic year with  @ yankees that he changes his mind about retiring great guy !
my new club on the atlantic ocean in ireland will soon be one of the best in the world  and noone will be looking into ugly wind turbines !
 @ richardson1232 realdonaldtrump is my role model one of the best americans out there thank you mike
do you believe the way karzai talks down to the united states  zero respect !
give your goals substance  make them count on as many levels as you can remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement
a big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold global warming anyone ?
my sons don and eric are in ireland looking at my new club it will be phenomenal lodgeatdoonbeg
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  abraham lincoln
if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves  thomas a edison
don't sell yourself short on something that is important today is just the beginning   think like a champion
if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily  change the law before an election ?
my sons don and eric are right now at doonbeg in ireland there will be nothing like it !
the people of ireland have been so great about my purchase of doonbeg  i'll be there soon  @ lodgeatdoonbeg
looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the new york county lincoln day dinner lots to talk about !
great purchase in ireland will be a top spot ! 
“remember to keep going :  if you stop your momentum will stop” – think big
destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business  so give it a chance to work  think like a champion
governor cuomo only cut the verrazano bridge tolls because i made it a major point in speeches i love the people of staten island !
anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam !
 @ anneads realdonaldtrump i agree with you about how people are mocking russia and their efforts only going to hurt us in long run
i've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to staten island are far too high and unfairjust got lowered but not nearly enough
remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive  think like a champion
never allow your attitude to be a liability be positive and strong set your mind on winning and keep it there
negotiation :  it is persuasion more than power
just be tough be strong be willing to learn – and you will learn don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks  think like a champion
when will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly stupid things and begin to focus on lower taxes ?
realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and wellbeing for others  midas touch
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws
experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers do not underestimate them  think like a champion
our greatest weakness lies in giving up the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more timethomas a edison
the president of the us is the leader of the free world he should dress like it at all times wear a suit and a tie for major interviews
watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold will be bad for the economy we could use some global warming
the  @ broncos had a truly bad daymy advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year
i can't get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that wasthe worst super bowl in history the advertisers must be furious !
this may be the worst football game ever played by one team denver ! hard to watch
 @ linclonone  congrats on your win never considered you would not win enjoy you every monday on fox  thank you
 @ bagomaan87        never learned so much from one book you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant thx
 @ mattj4226     my day was made when i read that you will be speaking at my first  # cpac !  i hope you like it !
for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve  aristotle
“success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results” – think like a billionaire
are republicans suicidal ? now they want to push amnesty through congress allowing democrats into the country
obama said in his sotu that “global warming is a fact” sure about as factual as “if you like your healthcare you can keep it”
with one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with atlanta texas and parts of florida freezing global warming anyone ?
 @ sherrymcmurry realdonaldtrump may be the only person on the planet that can beat hillary
failing comedian bill maher who i got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past !
“patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it”  mark twain
if you can't say great things about yourself who do you think will ?  think like a champion
wow honored to just pass 25m followers on  @ twitter thanks to all my followers we are going to have a great year together
just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book the art of the deal great parent !
always leave your ego at the door during negotiations remember it’s only business and there will always be another day !
welcome to the new reality ! moody’s just downgraded the entire us health insurance industry because of obamacare
give me clean beautiful and healthy air  not the same old climate change global warming bullshit ! i am tired of hearing this nonsense
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow !
 @ peyton2419 :  can't wait until 2016 when dt is potus so that i can stop listening to problems with our economy in the state of the union
creativity and control can go hand in hand brainpower is the ultimate leverage
how much is new york state spending on that obnoxious tv commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work ?
steve jobs is spinning in his grave  apple has lost both vision and momentum  must move fast to get magic back !
 @ langwillar realdonaldtrump when ? if it was before today you're good if you sold it today not that good i sold it last week !
i predicted apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iphone screen like samsung i sold my apple stock
everything comes to him who hustles while he waits thomas a edison
passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement
give your goals substance imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary make them count on as many levels as you can
do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership the answer is no and we better move fast !
nbc  news  just called it the great freeze  coldest weather in years is our country still spending money on the global warming hoax ?
have the right mindset for the job see your work as an art formwhich means paying attention to every detail
when times are difficult you must be even more focused that’s when you will find profitable opportunities
for all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for  @ apprenticenbc !
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else  albert einstein
you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor it's important to never give up on yourself  think like a champion
set high standards and meet them the proof is in the doing :  learn by doing and taking risks
 @ asenaphotograph today is my 61st birthday the best gift i could receive is a retweet from you supporting you in 2016 happy birthday
learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves
people often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple :  passion focus and hard work momentum keeps it all going
whether you think you can or think you can'tyou're right  henry ford
 @ jesale84 realdonaldtrump if you were president mrtrump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in ?  many things
to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head warm heart and beautiful common touch !
to get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity
trust your instincts they are there for a reason without instincts you'll have a hard time getting toand staying atthe top
hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected real estate weekly 
to be a winner think like a winner practice positive thinkingwith reality checks
i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the united states will start sending them money !
i would like to thank a great writer and person  @ jpappaspr of real estate weekly for the wonderful story on me very much appreciated !
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years ? there is noneonly backwards
the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill what is the delay ? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama
 @ osamabinballinn :  out of all the celebrities  @ realdonaldtrump is the only one that speaks the truth we need more leaders like him !
 @ dintres realdonaldtrump we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation !  so true !
 @ haventravel realdonaldtrump you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business
 @ newyorkgop  new york republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning  and fast this is your last decent shot !
for great success you need passion but make sure it's well directed learn everything you can about what you're doing be an expert
 # 1 for success :  find out what you love to do trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing
resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formulamake sure you remain adaptable
 @ cmo626 long time admirer  want to buy one of your books for a friend  any suggestions ?  the art of the deal is a good start
yankees should have dropped arod long ago not even bothered with arbitration they would have saved a fortune !
 @ dcashhoney realdonaldtrump i get my inspiration for what i do everyday from you  so nice thanks !
focus on your goals not on fixed patterns do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear
anticipate change and embrace it recognize new develo pm ents that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors
 @ karatemomccm    you are an inspiration and i admire your honesty perseverance and business sense   thank you
 @ vijaychopra7 u are one of the most gifted personalities today keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts thank you
after watching all about the horror story that is arod i realized again that it is time to let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame !
 @ rodstowell73  they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen  thanks !
the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this leadership must move fast and decisively !
 @ gjcream realdonaldtrump thank you for being a strait shooter you are an inspiration to all of us young business owners thank you !
whether you like obama or not bob gates turned out to be one disloyal dude ! personally i hate rats
 @ emanuelcenerini realdonaldtrump i think americans know that you would be a great presidentno possibility for the others thanks !
in politics and sometimes in life friends come and go but enemies accumulate !
now that the obamacare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired ?
president obama just fired the obamacare website builder my question is why were they hired in the first place ? sue them for damages !
focus on your goals not your problems problems are a mind exerciselearn to play beyond your comfort zone
 @ l100ran     agree !  the best thing  @ alexsalmond can do is start telling the truth and nothing but the truth !
it’s thursday how many people have lost their healthcare today ?
the  news  about our beautiful miss venezuela monica spear is devastating to all who knew her a spectacular woman she will be missed
 @ 1hotninja realdonaldtrump please run for president it would be my dream come true no better person to run usa
 @ intheelections :   see i told you god wanted you to be president he's had me praying for you about it y many years wow so nice !
 @ xxjustme realdonaldtrump i'd give anything for you to be our president you have my vote and all of my families and friends too ! !nice
 @ kevinrleyland realdonaldtrump has it been more than you ever expected ? far more and far better !
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history how time flies !
why didn’t gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by obama ? the fact is iraq etc have always been disasters !
while i am a critic of president obama i hate it when someone robert gates writes a self serving negative book about his boss
please  @ 21club go back to your original menu and preparation believe me it was much better let me know when the change is made !
identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth
achievers move forward at all times don't tread water get out there and go for it
stay confident even when something bad happens it is just a bump in the road it will pass  think big
 @ epilepsys      will you or  @ erictrump try to be president of the united states ? you could be a great president  thanks
we are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decadesmost people never remember anything like this global warming anyone ?
entrepreneurs :  set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people great leaders determine the teams they assemble
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq we shouldn’t but he should not have said that so stupid !
another one of my predictions just came true iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad
just hit a million on facebook 
most of the world's great riders are at maralago today for the trump invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year
a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons learning is a new beginning
i know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavorhenry david thoreau
snowden should come back to america and face justice instead he is begging for clemency from moscow treat him as a spy
thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life  think big
entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present keep that in mind when looking for opportunities
this very expensive global warming bullshit has got to stop our planet is freezing record low tempsand our gw scientists are stuck in ice
today is the first day of the rest of your life  make the most of it !
have a happy successful and healthy new year !
when it comes to money finance and even life protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself !
make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family happy new year everyone !
spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever !
the con artists changed the name from global warming to climate change when global warming was no longer working and credibility was lost !
what the hell is going on with global warming the planet is freezing the ice is building and the gw scientists are stucka total con job
 @ suegriffiths19      been a bit quiet lately ? told my job is at risk ny  any tips to cheer me up ? be positive do your best !
cover your basesknow everything you can about what you're doing keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis
ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit
be tough be focused there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before  if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do !
we're coming up on the new yearit is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in washington we make it best ever
the global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the shipthey are having too much fun and that is too simple a solutionfame !
 @ proudlysa  as a major fan of nelson mandela and the people of south africa all of my statements are made with love protect his legacy now
be on time wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression  think like a champion
it is really too bad that the scientists studying global warming in antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
do your homework wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression think like a billionaire
ok christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life focus focus focusnever accept defeat push hard for total victory !
the new pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why i like him so much !
 @ bayojay :  “ @ realdonaldtrump :  the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do  steve jobs”
without passion you don't have energy and without energy you don't have anything !
i'd like to wish all of my friendsand even my many enemiesa very merry christmas and happy new year
entrepreneurs :  apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious see yourself as victoriouswhich means never giving up
 @ tudowz  i look up to my man  @ realdonaldtrump for he has become one of the greatest entrepreneurs in this times history thx
 @ sirtyro   realdonaldtrump how do you deal with anxiety ?  i don't ! i refuse to even think about it be positive
always try to learn from other peoples mistakes not your own  it is much cheaper that way !
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make !
did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster never look back just learn from your experience !
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort you're in chargeeverything starts with you
 @ tseay18 find work that you loveyou have to be passionate about it to succeed then focus and never give up !
 @ bigboblarsen    i don't always agree with you but i must say you do know how to inspire  thank you
 # 3  look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
 # 1 keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in new york and new jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
i am going to trump national doral in miami today to check out the brand new and just opened blue monster and the spectacular driving range
remember the harder you work the luckier you get !
 @ dondons1383 realdonaldtrump did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot ? that is great  news  !
i had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of  # askthedonald see if your question made it 
if you don't believe in yourself no one else will
guess what folksthe obamacare website just went down again what a disaster
if you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful every change is a new opportunity to use your talent
it’s friday how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare ?
white house relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow  to the sustainability and concept of obamacare ! they are desperate
if you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter learn from your mistakes and push forward to victorythe sweetest feeling there is !
young entrepreneurs – the holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects focus !
enough about my ties etc  @ macys but they are doing really big numbers  people love them and  @ macys loves trump !
the coolest story is that john beale the man who headed up climate change for the government is a proven con man and total phoneyarrested
the more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback move on and quickly embrace the next challenge !
“if you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business” – think like a billionaire
i have never met a successful person that was a quitter successful people never ever give up !
2013 is the worst year ever for hollywood garbage released after garbage what is going on in these studios ? !
under president obama do you think america will become a third world country ?
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent ?
 @ alinugent  good luck on your real estate test  you will be the biggest star of all !
wow just injohn beale the top person in government on climate change epa is a total fraud and just admitted it ! what can they say now
they call it climate change now because the words global warming didn't work anymore same people fighting hard to keep it all going !
president obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured or worse standing next to psycho in  sa
have a great weekend everybody  enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind never lose sight of the victory ahead !
i really like nelson mandela but south africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explodenot a good situation for the people !
 @ politifact’s  # lieoftheyear is obama’s if you like your health care plan you can keep it wrong it’s the lie of the decade
sources inside  @ agschneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss
can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic south africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy such dangergive 10 years !
what a sad thing that the  memory of nelson mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral !
this is one of the coldest winters ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time ! so much for global warming
let pete into the hall of fame 
it's amazing how badly the knicks and nets are playing everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent too bad !
after climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb nelson mandela
a beautiful view from my office today 
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will” – think like a champion
iran must immediately allow christian  # pastorsaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions which should never have been lifted
just read  @ piersmorgan’s book “shooting straight” and whether you love him or hate him i’m in the first category it is terrific
just left florida amazing how well state is doing jobs way up taxes down congrats to  @ flgovscott
the unaffordable care act sometimes referred to as obamacare is not working millions of people are losing their plans and doctorsfraud !
obama said he never met his uncle oscar who was arrested for whatever turns out he lived with his uncle in boston so many lies !
ps  there is also something really good to say about humility being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all !
people are always asking me about the very special word confidence the fact is there is almost nothing like it is derived from winning !
show me someone without an ego and i'll show you a loser  having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life !
 @ hmunjal :   you're one of the most educated handsome and sophisticated men that i know of men should aspire to be like you  thank you !
in making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself !
 @ timleman realdonaldtrump what was one thing others underestimated about you ?  that i never give up !
the now $12b obamacare website is as bad as ever insurers not getting the proper data 
iran has never had a better friend than obama
we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming !
great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic  # expo2020  we will all be there !
it always seems impossible until it is done nelson mandela
a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination  nelson mandela
nelson mandela and myself had a wonderful relationshiphe was a special man and will be missed 
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else  albert einstein
why is it that when warren buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts !
i never did give anybody hell i just told the truth and they thought it was hell harry s truman
those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it   albert camus
denver minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record what are the global warming geniuses saying about this ?
there are no short cuts to any place worth going beverly sills
 @ puddlejumper365 you have to have passion for your work that's most important then keep your focus intact good luck
you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people just remember they all want to be you !
with few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money hard work is also important but brains will supersede
 @ lloyd156 realdonaldtrump doesnt give a fuck he just tells it like it is lol legend  a very honest person thanks !
too bad about new york magazine but there's a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that i'll soon discuss !
 @ slucas8lucas :  i wish you would run for pres we need someone with a big pair to help unscrew our countries future do it for children
“if you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over ?”  john wooden
the least number of hurricanes in the us in decades so they change global warming too cold to climate changenow what will they call it
that was a great football game
wow the obamacare website which president obama said would be working today is a total mess with many functions not even thought about !
today is the day that obamacare website was supposed to be up and working wrongwebsite is closed down a total disaster ! 90 million doomed
offshore wind in europe :  lessons for the us 
trump international in dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world congratulations to  @ damacofficial for their genius !
work begins on the old post office in washington dc in 3 months it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world
i truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world
can you believe that president karzai of afghanistan is holding out for more more more and refuses to sign deal tell him to go to hell !
despite the fact that i have had great success with the words you're fired i do not like firing people but zero on obamacare messno way !
why doesn't president obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that obamacare was a mistake and deal a really great plan !
tell iran to let our christian pastor goand i mean right now if they don't there will be hell to pay
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday it is a special time love and appreciate your family
the $1b failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the obamacare over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year
iranian officials say that the wh is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement 
war on the families price of electricity hit record high in october 
president obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan period ! this turned out to be a total lie90 mill
look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example
when do we sue the company for billions that robbed us in creating the hapless obamacare website ?
vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
i will be in palm beach jupiter and miami today checking on big construction projects i love florida and love on time and on budget const
president obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the pressi guess they can only take so much !
don't worry the united states will be great again !
just got home watching the  news  and every story is bad about the us someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership !
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it” – the art of the deal
obama is going to take away over 90m americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting iran keep its nukes just think about that
who would  you rather have negotiating with iranpresident obama or toronto mayor ford ? my money is on ford
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort you're in charge everything starts with you
best book ever on dealmaking or so they say  trump :  the art of the deal  go get it and others washington  you really can do better !
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn't it about time we start right now make america great again !
the reason great dealmakers do not openly celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side
john kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with iran great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one
tom brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner ! fantastic comeback winthis is what our country needs !
we had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap why ?
how much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader  obamacare iran syria bads deals just never ends
i do not understand how so many of my jewish friends backed obama in the last election he is a total disaster for israeland always will be
how far has the united states gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with iran read the art of the deal !
what a rotten deal we made with iran we get nothing except laughter at our stupidity they get everything including delay and big cash !
they changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working !
the people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you obamacare !
snow and ice freezing weather in texas arizona and oklahoma  what the hell is going on with global warming ?
get smart on knockout assaults and crime  we have to be slightly more vicious and violent than the assaulterand crime would end fast !
the scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head !
we are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the iran nuclear talks strengthen sanctions until great deal is made !
young entrepreneurs – keep positive don’t let the obamacare disaster stop your endeavors there are great opportunities out there
it’s friday how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today ?
republicans have the right approach to obamacare – let it fail  free market solutions will be embraced by americans in 2016
since the democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own itrepublicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority
weak  news casters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks ? of course there is and weakness will only make it worse !
if you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard teach them a lesson !
knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth we better start getting tough in this countryand they want to take our guns !
we have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in afghanistan their government has zero appreciation let's get out !
figure out what really moves you you've got to have the 'fire' in order to have the midas touch  midas touch
today will be a great day at work  have only one word in mind victory !
do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in afghanistan through 2024with all costs by usa  make america great !
results are what matter the bottom line is clearly the bottom line think like a champion
if you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it  charles kettering
afghanistan leaders want the us to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the us but first they want apology
work is fun deals are fun life is fun  but love of a great family makes it all come together go out there and make your family proud
always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back !
the next obamacare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans
priorities while obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay 
just as i said last october census workers cooked the job numbers for obama right before the election 
i got george zimmerman right watch 
go to work today be smart think positively and win !
i took some heat a long time ago when i said that george zimmerman was a sicko and bad  news  i know people and this guy is no goodtrouble !
the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do  steve jobs
the polls have shown that dead people voted for president obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation  he must be doing something right !
i will be going to trump national doral in miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new blue monster amazing !
maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare
the wimps that run penn state should be forced to resign and be sued for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
i wonder if the rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming ?
football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatoryracist and can be viewed as bullying
i wonder what the late great vince lombardi would say about the rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled ?
 @ eveningexpress   thank you for your fair and balanced reporting you provide a great and important service to the people of scotland !
again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare congratulations america !
rumor has it apple is going to release iphones with bigger screens that's good  news 
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare you have them on the run  don't fold  go for it !
did president obama have a rough day yesterday or what ? he has got to start telling the truth  no more lies or deception !
 @ pididdie20 :  in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish  donald trump
more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare congratulations america !
breaking  news negotiations with iranians broke down because obama insisted that they use obamacare
president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter !
in a new poll a majority of people felt  the president knowingly lied about health care pledge who are the fools who don't think he lied ?
 @ bretbaier  you are doing really great  keep it up of which i have no doubt
the same people that built the obamacare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a us citizen incompetent
can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the obamacare website is not a us citizen—she’s from colombia
no matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home  before it is too late
obamacare is on life support  it will soon be dead on arrival  a bad concept that was imcompetently administered !
president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare his problem is that such a move would end obamacare
obamacare is one of the worst political disasters of all time  4992343 americans losing coverage less than 50ooo new signups
 @ agalarovaras   i had a great weekend with you and your family you have done a fantastic job trump towermoscow is next emin was wow !
happy veterans day to all in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are ! !
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave !
don't worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things
while i was in moscow i see that president obsma apologized for his lie i mean statement on obamacare ! how nice of him to be so forthright
the republicans must be patient and smart  obamacare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible !
 @ eljuino realdonaldtrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win
if justice roberts had done the right thing and voted against obamacare our country would be in a lot better shape right now ! total turmoil
drew brees is having a great game  a fantastic quarterback and really good guy !
if we could force russia china and other competitors to use obamacare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success !
 @ brahsumatra realdonaldtrump remember when you use to have real hair ? spelling  i still do dummy it is all mine !
remember that i predicted a long time ago that president obama will attack iran because of his inability to negotiate properlynot skilled !
i was just given a great tour of moscow  fantastic hard working people city is really energized ! the world will be watching tonight !
being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort be totally focused
success tip :  be ready for problems and be patientthere are very few cases of instant gratification
the obamacare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured 
we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi  four americans were killed congress must act !
at least 35m fellow americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of obamacare defund then repeal !
thebillmcgee   realdonaldtrumpafter a year of wear your shirts still look great ! glad i made the purchase ! thank you
i will be going to asheville north carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the great billy graham  such a wonderful man !
if democrats do not start opposing obamacare and fast republicans will have a massive victory in 2014  far greater than any predictions !
a level will be reached where obamacare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship
prediction :  the disaster known as obamacare will only get worse and republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years !
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say you're fired ! let her go home to her family and rest bring in top flight people !
she is so sad and pathetic that i almost feel sorry for secsebelius she has done great harm to many people and must be fired incompetent !
just sit back and watch obamacare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards the website is the best part of this mess !
when obama tried to tweak his previous statement on obamacare he made it an even greater lieeven the senate democrats are angry with him !
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur
job tip :  if you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee ? be that person
success tip :  see yourself as victorious this will focus you in the right direction apply your skills and talentand be tenacious
the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price  everyone in us would benefit !
can you believe that the builder of the failed obamacare website was just given a new government contract  how stupid is that  clueless ! !
not only does obama spy on german leaders he criticizes their trade surplus 
revisionist history now obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans crazy !
i would gain a whole new respect for president obama if he would say look we made a big mistake sorry ! no more lies or deception
lies and incompetence  the two words that are most closely associated with obamacare !
 @ mystatetalk realdonaldtrump for president 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office  thank you
wow just watching the  news obamacare and the website are totally out of control costs are through the roof this could be ruinous to us !
 @ msmegzilla realdonaldtrump  i wish you were president !  but only if you want our country to be great again !
 @ gop house has the right bill :  “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it” the senate must take it up on a vote !
the obamacare website will cost over $15b when all is said and done crazy !
millions losing healthcare plans despite president obama's promise that this would not happen ! what about a massive protest march on dc
“winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves” – think like a champion
“do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself”  andrew carnegie
the bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy i'm going to send him $10 000he deserves it !
not only did the $1b obamacare website not work it can’t even protect your personal information 
“learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction” – think like a champion
“the best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates” – midas touch
both of our new york hotels are on the top ten list of the most luxurious hotels in nyc
isn't the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about anythingtime to take responsibility for all of your mistakes !
looks like a very good world series game !
how come snowden and obamacare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on president obama ?
obamacare is a disaster and snowden is a spy who should be executedbut if it and he could reveal obama's recordsi might become a major fan
china just called they want to lend obama another $1b for the obamacare web site
if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about…
four brave americans died in benghazi administration is still covering up the truth we deserve to know the full truth
it is now a fact that president obama lied in order to get obamacare passedthat is fraud and the legislation should be recindedinteresting
a great victory in scotland  
won’t be a buyer’s market for long if you can purchase a home but remember i told you this three years ago
fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us they just don't get caughtstupid !
15m have already lost their health care plans thanks to obamacare 
 @ alexsalmond  of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office
maybe if obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing  but either way it is just another disaster !
i just don't know why some of these nfl teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give tim tebow a chance  what do they have to lose ?
there are so many blatant lies coming out of the administration  healthcare spying nsa irs brutally killed americans will it ever end ?
does anybody really think that president obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world  not possible !
i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones ? nothing changes !
time for sebelius to be fired she has admitted that the administration did not vet the obamacare website 
 @ johanjwc because he paid me far more than it was worth !
 @ mackiaveli13 realdonaldtrump us latinos will vote for you all we want is to be part of the american dream include us ! cool
 @ tlbasnight realdonaldtrump you are that leader think about it  thanks
 @ fournierian realdonaldtrump is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days ? much respect  buy in great location low interest
 @ nodakgus :   this country is in dire need of a leader who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone  you are that leader !
 @ alexlevandoski :  people who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success thanks for the inspiration mr trump ! thanks
 @ phickeyma :   we need you for potus because there's a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you're fired !
the new line of trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonableprice go check them out !
good night everyone  sleep well and tomorrow have many victories !
 @ willfitz94 realdonaldtrump how do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy ? when i like people i find time !
i must say that some of these college football games are great tonightvery excitingi wish i had more time to watch !
i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present that's where the fun is ~donald trump
isn't it amazing that the us and nsa can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get o's records !
at this point the legacy of the obama administration will be sadly that of the gang that couldn't shoot straight  what a pathetic mess !
with the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of world leaders and so much more us is looking really stupid !
can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by nsaobama mess
when a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over againthen sue the culprits and use the proper team !
good advice from my father fred c trump : know everything you can about what you're doing
you've got something unique to offer find out what it is ask yourself :  what can i provide that does not yet exist ?
courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway  john wayne
it was just determined that the woman who passed out at obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be !
if the saudis are so concerned about syria then they should go in themselves stop telling us to do their dirty work
where’s the accountability for the $635m website fiasco in the obama administration ? heads should roll and officials should be fired
honestly whether you're for or against obamacare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the us it makes us look totally inept !
breaking  news   the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name !
if you want to succeed keep your edge staying on top of all new develo pm ents in your sector  major advantage that pays dividends
have time to waste ? go to the obamacare website
where’s the global warming ? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record 
doing fox and friends in two minutes !
i would bet that we have many great american technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic obamacare website for zero dollars !
why doesn't president obama just get the people from google to fix the failed   website in fact why didn't he use them in the first place !
 @ theyardsaleking realdonaldtrump i had the honor of going in to this awesome building today even the restrooms are first class !  thanks
 @ adhietak85 :  this is my favorite person  @ realdonaldtrump greatest bussinesman in the world  want to be like him  thank you
the rollout of obamacare is a total disaster and an embarrassment to our country the world is watching and laughing$635000000 website !
 @ nymag   in every interview new york magazine has done for years they ask the same question  what do you think of donald trump ? beggars !
 @ nymag   wow numbers are really looking bad at  new york magazine while very boring it is also very biased too bad was once great !
just like its website obamacare is a disastermaybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their timeit will fail on its own !
secy sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous obamacare rollout should resign or be firedrefuses to go before congress to explain
 @ cheifsoda realdonaldtrump should be the next president  the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem
 @ danamira  @ nymag a terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are you should be ashamed
canadians kicked out the firm that the us paid all that money to for the failed website how stupid are our leaders ? this is a scandal !
wow china's growth accelerated 78 in third quarter  if the us had half that number we would be the talk of the world  need leadership
no surprise saudis turned down spot on un security council they don’t want  responsibility just have us do their heavy lifting
can you imagine a canadian company developing our website ? terrible way to put americans back to work
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever
the 2013 miss universe® pageantwill take place in russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest
i build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost nothing our government spent almost $535 000 000 for nothing
 @ theholst realdonaldtrump i was against fame entering the white house until now please run for president the us needs you thank you
 @ bwiss24 realdonaldtrump is the post office building in dc the way the us is going to pay your salary when you become the president in 16
 @ crystallee1971 :   then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in dc ! you do it better than anyone else !
by the way new york state must lower taxes and fast and must start going after all of the energy that lies just below our feet now !
thanks for all of the great support but i just don't see myself wanting to run for governor of new york  i have something else in mind !
gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn
a winning attitude will put everything in perspective keep negative thoughts and people where they belongout of the big picture
remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will take credit for your successes and don't let others forget ! !
i'm glad that mark cuban won the ridiculous case with the    sec  it never should have been brought in the first place !
what a great day it was yesterday showing the public trump links at ferry point i took over a disaster and made it great ! good job to all !
welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence – pres ronald reagan
thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of ivanka's little boy  so nice !
 @ billnojay   thank you for your great confidence ! our state like our country is in serious trouble keep up the good fight
 @ alyssamenasci you have to have passion for your work that's crucial then focus on it and don't give up
 @ 905k9 keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
 @ tiffanyatrump   happy birthday to my baby  and keep up the great work at school we are all proud of you !
somebody got rich building the obamacare website which doesn't even come close to working  where has the money gone ?
how do you spend over $635m on websites and they don't work ?
congrats to jim lipton and inside the actors studio for winning the emmy award for the 250th episode i was honored to appear in it
why is douglas durst allowed to use the world trade center to get out of a lease with conde nast ?
 @ maridythn realdonaldtrump you need to run for president your takenobs attitude is what we need in this country !
 @ maryeg realdonaldtrump sir that was a great interview you had with piers keep up the good work sir  thank you
the fact that we are here today to debate raising america’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure  sen obama 3/16/06
 @ lilborto :  i said this last year but ill say it again  @ realdonaldtrump should be president this man knows his shit !
entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money they work to create or acquire assets focus on assets
it is outrageous and disgusting that families of us military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials sad !
with president obama it's all talk and no action our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late !
i'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our president it's time to stop talkingwork !
in my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is florida power and light
the white house has just admitted al qaeda was involved in benghazi 
the new reality china and japan are warning us not to default 
if you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless keep your focus !
expect the best from people they will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence
president obama wants to change the name of the white house because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct !
president should not be telling the washington redskins to change their nameour country has far bigger problems ! focus on themnot nonsense
my sense is that people are far angrier at the president than they are at congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn !
with the debt limit approaching  @ gop has even more leverage if they stay united and on message they can win
obama is tougher on wwii vets wanting to visit a dc memorial than iran he needs to show respect to our vets and not play games
government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned  @ redskins to change its namehe needs to focus on his job !
the obama administration has a very important duty to provide a budget  and then negotiate ! our country is a laughingstock !
 @ kdawnpatterson  while i never ran i thank you let's see what happens in the future !
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be” – think like a champion
while the pres of iran tweets sweet nothings to obama he forbids the iranians to use twitter very revealing
“life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier” – think like a billionaire
“most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build” –  midas touch
obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the obamacare rollout and of course they failed miserably
obama and the democrats have no respect for wwii vets trying to get into the memorial
oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months a new record and now with obama’s war on coal american families will be hit even harder
“know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will that’s taking control” – think like a champion
 @ carmand  realdonaldtrump i hate that our country has come to this our president has ruined our  country not totally yet !
 @ hasantaleb :  if  @ realdonaldtrump was the president all our problems would be fixed we would be doing great !
stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown markets like being left alone for a day
the obamacare disaster is in full swing websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo
 # 3 cover your bases know everything you can about what you're doing
 # 1 be passionateyou have to love what you're doing to be successful at it
wow three top microsoft investors want bill gates out as chairman do not like job he is doing !
can you imagine with all of the talk about obamacare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day our government is badly broken !
“face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be”   @ jackwelch
“your money should be at work at all times even in the worst economy there is no excuse  think like a billionaire
it is crucial for republicans to remain united during this shutdown
obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years democrats don’t even vote them in congress he has failed to lead !
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick togetherbut they are not sticking together sen mccain just said we can't winvery bad !
remember that in 2006 then senator obama voted not to increase the debt ceiling now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same !
business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success
the commodity market is extremely fragile be wary of investing right now the futures are way too dependent on the fed
no one wants the government to shut down but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway !
 @ danyellaangel  thank you danyellaif you would like to work there call jackie in my office ny
with proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than obamacare  something that works for the people and costs much less
 @ msferr1 realdonaldtrump if we could afford it would you support it ?  no
 @ aenmad realdonaldtrump will you be running for president or is it all talk ?  time will tell !
 @ flwgolfs realdonaldtrump  :  i have heard obama say  we can afford obama care america is a rich nation we can afford it no not close
our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart  these are treacherous times like no other the world is a crazy place !
iran is toying with our president  buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership syria and now this ! what's next ?
 @ bordenrhodes realdonaldtrump i think you are the  # mostpowerfulvoiceinmedia then how come our government makes so many mistakes ?
re negotiation :  know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from
“obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal”  henry ford
our country needs leadership now there is total dysfunction in washington
you have to believe in what you want keep your focus keep your momentumand remain patient and persistent
 @ dashjohnston realdonaldtrump feels like i have grown up with you my dad is a huge fan and always talked about you you are amazing ! wow
i am so happy that i was able to do something really good for the bronx  and lots of jobs !
yes this is a large scale version of when i built and saved the ice skating rink in central park which all should go to great course !
credit the bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished  will be big for ny
to be called trump links at ferry point course will be great and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships$'s to nyc
once the bloomberg administration selected trump to take over the very expensive and years late project i kicked ass and got it done fast
the big golf course project on the water by the whitestone bridge in nyc that has been under construction for many years now completegreat !
“a very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – think like a champion
“the world is changing very fast big will not beat small anymore it will be the fast beating the slow”   @ rupertmurdoch
“build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successesthere is nothing like winning think big
in real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing be smart !
if obamacare is so amazing then why is obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election ?  # makedclisten
remember what i previously saidobama will someday attack iran in order to show how tough he is
can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president ?—zero respect !
if justice roberts had made the correct decision on obamacare our country would not be in turmoil right now !
“take the time to move yourself forward in other words think work and be lucky” – think like a champion
less than one week away from implementation obamacare’s small business exchanges are not ready !
obama told the un that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago” is he delusional ?
 @ aus10bailey realdonaldtrump has the best tweets for real  thank you a great way to communicate
i am a defender of  @ mileycyrus who i think is a good person and not because she stays at my hotels but last night's outfit must go !
huma should dump the sicko weiner  he is a calamity that is bringing her down with him
the democrats in congress don’t want obamacare for themselves or big businesses so why are they forcing it on the american people ?
 @ kingnsg realdonaldtrump we need a big change i believe you have the best chance and ability to do so  thank you
is it the neil patrick harris show or the emmy awards ?how was he ever put in this position to start with ? crazy !
referees are destroying the enjoyment of nfl games slowing down the fun big shots jets game is ridiculous !
 @ lebanesekobe realdonaldtrump as a muslim and as an american i know for a fact that you mr trump respect all people !
 @ kobayashinick realdonaldtrump do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement ? should i retweet haterslosers ?
 @ originalarts1  thank you it is great you have real talent !
 @ mirandadiplo realdonaldtrump is much more than just a republican he is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual thank you
 @ nickterry18 realdonaldtrump is such an amazing person to be honest his book inspires me to work hard and be successful ? ?  thanks
 @ brendaswigert realdonaldtrump i value your opinion i value your wisdom from experience and education you have so much to offer ! thanks
republicans must unite to defund obamacare  it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway !
an important part of my or anybody's success is the ability to judge people i believe that  @ mileycyrus is a really good person
 @ hop pm ar realdonaldtrump and you also made a great call on ba a few months ago and you were so right  ! and made lots of moneythanks !
if you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15 labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs
 @ seankanderson realdonaldtrump i have so much respect for you that i don't care that you blatantly criticize the president i support !
move slowly carefully  and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet !
president obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it be cool move slowly  and think ! iran
president obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with iran that lots of bad results can occur be cool and be careful !
as a stockholder in apple they should get on with a larger screen iphone as a supplement—immediately
my comments on a larger screen iphone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement screen should be 10 larger than samsung
 @ iphoneteam  better get a large screen iphone and fast or risk losing even more business samsung cannot believe you have not acted ! dumb !
build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results that's building the right way  think like a champion
everyone should calm down  @ benaffleck is going to do a great job as batman
video of my day at the old post office soon to be the most fabulous hotel ! 
 @ rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare
the mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size  einstein
“keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough” – think big
“success is getting what you want happiness is wanting what you get”  dale carnegie
american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand foreign countries in particular russia are mocking the us
the navy yard shooting is a horrible disaster if we don't clean up our country of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral !
 @ arseniohall has great ratingsi told you so he should pay me at least 25 of his earnings because he would be nowhere without donald trump
 @ jcotheamerican realdonaldtrump i'm a fresh in college and i dream of being half the entrepreneur you are donald  you will do great
 @ saredelman realdonaldtrump is the greatest to everyone who hates on him he does not care what you say  ? ? ?
only 15 days until obamacare is implemented congress must waive the monstrosity for regular americans why should they be punished ?
bashar assad is stronger today than he was before obama threatened military action obama really bungled this
i predict that president obama will at some point attack iran in order to save face !
 @ anishabhasin1   you wedding at trump national was one of the most beautiful i have ever seen  more importantly an amazing couple !
 @ floydmayweather  the judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxingit wasn't even close she is incompetent or worse
 @ ashleybonder realdonaldtrump if you had to start all over again which industry would you choose  ? real estate ashley
when i say i would end obamacare i would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less !
 @ jpworldwide realdonaldtrump buy it  turn it around  and flip it as only the donald can  that's what i dobut sometimes keep it
new york fashion week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting ! no stars no funjust boring they need serious help  # nyfw
 @ charliemurphy   just remember arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for donald j trump  he admits that  he will do great !
i truly hope president obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face he must sit back and chill
prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in new jersey stay strong and remember it will soon get better
 @ dancurran4 realdonaldtrump take the money we would waste in syria give it to you you go rebuild detroit  so true !
we should stop talking stay out of syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great againusa !
 @ duneknight realdonaldtrump are you gonna run for president ? all this talk of politics is waste if you don't run you are correct !
most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy i do ! he's got to get back to basicsforget syriafix the usa
now assad is demanding that obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons what a mess !
china russia and iran are laughing at us we have weak leaders who are threatening our national security dangerous times
at least  @ thetinabeast is consistent she takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter
 @ thetinabeast is claiming that she decided to leave the  @ thedailybeast sure just like every other magazine that fired her
putin's letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the us he is lecturing to our presidentnever has our country looked to weak
“ @ realdonaldtrump :  i would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date september 11th”
many people have asked recently when do you sleep ?  the answer is  not much
a year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack  never forget !
god bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today  you will never be forgotten !
obama must now start focusing on our country jobs healthcare and all of our many problems forget syria and make america great again !
putin is having such a good time our president is making him look like the genius of all geniuses do not fearwe are a nation of potential
i said that eliot spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls i fought him when others retreated out of fear never give up !
spitzer and weiner lost lightweight eric schneiderman will be next  he will be challenged in the primary he has done a really poor job !
 @ theteflondante realdonaldtrump who should be the ag replacement ? any thoughts ? there are a number of very good people !
 @ johndoe5210 realdonaldtrump  i worked for another self made man elon musk i have the greatest respect for both of you thank you !
back to work for the president to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself the socalled rebels must be thoroughly confused !
the only reason obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the scheduleputin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad !
 @ airmanfirst realdonaldtrump think weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him ? he should move better for him to make a new start
 @ morningafterbil realdonaldtrump i can't imagine you being bad at anything you are the real most interesting man in the world wownice
thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spitzer remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done !
i fought hard against spitzer and weiner and both lost for a while when spitzer was way up it seemed that i was a lone voice ! good power
we will have to see what russia's next move will be they may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess !
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit !
making his case in a nice and articulate manner
here we go !
 @ jcoyshox25 :  i honestly think our next president should be  @ realdonaldtrump  people can say what they want but dude seems to have it
 @ edbaram13 realdonaldtrump everything you say is true and i respect you because your not afraid to say it
 @ d18mt2 realdonaldtrump you will knock the president anyway wrong i would love to see him do a great job but it's not working that way
red line statement was a disaster for president obama
the russians are playing a very smart game in the meantime they are buying lots of time for syria and making us look foolish dangerous !
in order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all  news  a great commodity is information
 @ bahia6085     @ realdonaldtrump can you imagine obama running his own business ? how sad would that be ? you never know !
assad will never give up his chemical weapons he has spent years and billions accumulating them this is all a ruse
for all of my millions of followers and at your request i will be tweeting tonight during president obama’s speech !  9 pm  et
we deserve all the answers on benghazi ! 
just landed in dc 
heading down to dc 
 @ dialad7 realdonaldtrump you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way  # inspiration  thanks !
this george zimmerman is really a mess  he really has to just disappear ! he attacked his wife last night
 @ arseniohall   arsenio may your run be long successful and importantjust be yourself and you will be a smash ! good luck
 @ zacharysperling realdonaldtrump how old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life ?  18
do you believe what is going on in washington with respect to syria  these people don't have a clue !
 @ toure  why does a network allow a stupid racist like toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal ! can there be only one reason
icahn kravis zell buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit many of the top business people do
“it is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed” theodore roosevelt
our economy is in trouble the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job we need growth and now !
iraq has granted iran full air rights to fly over and arm syria what did america accomplish with the iraq war ? and now syria ? !
this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead  no answers !
now obama has set red line 2 with demand that assad hands over syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack
don't attack syria  an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the us focus on making our country strong and great again !
why are we fighting for the rebels that hate usonly to save face for obama !
also great comeback by the new york jets that game was over until a really dumb defensive play by tampa amazing
the new york giants are looking really bad so far tonight does not get much worse than this !
 @ riqardpaliq realdonaldtrump you are my inspirationyou are true legendand i wish i had same fate like you  you are doing well
do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the obama administration anymore  the teflon president !
 @ madrox91 :  i think  @ realdonaldtrump should run office for one day then maybe some stuff would get set straight the right way thank you !
my shirts ties and suits are selling great  @ macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price  thanks !
 @ midgespeaks  i want him to do a great job but he can't
president obama do not attack syria there is no upside and tremendous downside save your powder for another and more important day !
isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks president obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there !
 @ rlsteetle realdonaldtrump i'm addicted to your books are you writing another any time soon ?  at some point there is so much to write !
speaking of our very stupid war with iraq it is totally disintegrating and iran with russia will walk in and take it over lots of oil !
 @ lucindamac  thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people !
 @ robertr369 realdonaldtrump if only japan had the same courtesy dec 1941  they should have told us they were coming like us with syria !
i'm a republican but not a fan of the last george bushhe also was a lousy president iraq etc in fact he was so bad he gave us obama !
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states !
syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas ! a polititian's war
if syria was forced to use obamacare they would selfdestruct without a shot being fired obama should sell them that idea !
when we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping  but we are always expected to come to the aid of others !
many of the syrian rebels are radical jihadi islamists who are murdering christians why would we ever fight with them ?
i am not angry at russia or china because their leaders are far smarter than ours we need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late
i wonder how much our leaders have promised or given russia in order for them to behave and not make the us look even worse ?
we don't have the leadership including the generals who just said the element of surprise does not matter to attack anyone ! cool it
did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our president explaining what when and where to congress about a syrian attack far too late !
 @ khalidnasser realdonaldtrump in this case what would you do if you were the president ? i'd rebuild the us and make it great again !
the terrorists in syria are calling themselves rebels and getting away with it because our leaders are so   completely stupid !
we should not attack syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the arab leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay !
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself” – the art of the deal
it will be interesting to see what happens to eliot spitzer if he loses the election for comptroller to very capable  @ scottmstringer
while everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack syria maybe we should knock the hell out of iran and their nuclear capabilities ?
if you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the ny times of the rebels executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels !
tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world make america great again !
 @ bchipper83 realdonaldtrump haha i love how you just tell like it is ! you aren't who you are by not doing just that ! thank you !
the only reason president obama wants to attack syria is to save face over his very dumb red line statement do not attack syriafix usa
president obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about syria crossing the red line amazingly now he denies he said that !
 @ bchipper83 realdonaldtrump haha i love how you just tell like it is ! you aren't who you are by not doing just that !
jay leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show my answer is always no because his show sucks they love my ratings !
happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters shana tova hopefully it will be a great year !
 @ shawshank5   realdonaldtrump to be a champ you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will  true !
 @ michaeldorris realdonaldtrump tannermarkboots realdonaldtrump never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them !
 @ ukn96 realdonaldtrump if two of your competitors were at war would you let them destroy each other ? or would you back one ?
for all of those fools that want to attack syria the ushas lost the vital element of surpriseso stupidcould be a disaster !
what i am saying is stay out of syria
from the great author of rich dad poor dad robert kiyosaki here is a very nice article 
“representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go if you can’t sell it who will ?” – midas touch
“a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from” – think like a champion
china opec and russia laugh at us but now thanks to obama so does syria very sad !
enjoy the ratings of president obama 
 @ thobane63 realdonaldtrump why the hell are you always criticising obama  because he is doing a terrible in fact embarrassing job !
president obama's arab spring is not looking so good right now !
think of it the arab league doesn't want to get involved with syria  but they want us to do their dirty work how stupid !
if the us attacks syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay stay away and fix broken us
our country is looking very bad right now !
 @ tarekr realdonaldtrump if you ever become president of the us what would be your first step ?  get rid of obamacare !
 @ kyleraccio realdonaldtrump donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run ? amazing i think you will win handily  thanks !
 @ deadlykittenz realdonaldtrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope jobs and cash ?  # trump2016  we have no choice
 @ arseniohall   after arsenio won celebrity apprentice he told me in tears that i would be his first guest if he got a show no interest !
eliot spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller thrown out of politics and off of tv crazy !
 @ mikethoms85 realdonaldtrump with all due respect bush did exactly the same thing in iraq  you will seldom see me defending bush
in war the elememt of surprise is sooooo importantwhat the hell is obama doing
 @ bdeal10 realdonaldtrump you should be our next president this country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012 !true
we have given syria so much time and informationthere has never been such an instance in wartime history syria is now fully prepared !
why isn't the arab league paying for everything and sending troops ? they want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves !
the arab league stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on syria but they want us to attackare our leaders insane or just stupid
it is truly amateur hour at the white house  and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now !
president obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly in more ways than money attack on syria !
 @ politixchick :  just from reading his tweets it seems like  @ realdonaldtrump could run our country much better than our president right now
did anyone notice that obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us he couldn't even get britain ! no leadership
be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into world war iii
obama now just wants to save face russia is now telling him don't do it he waited too long and the other side is much better prepared
who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes call it the plenty of notice war
 @ jsdub901 realdonaldtrump may be many things but one thing he is is right  # tellsitlikeitis thank you sort of
syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk  they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locationsamazing !
for the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack !
the president must get congressional approval before attacking syriabig mistake if he does not !
 @ joe1spro realdonaldtrump the president of syria is killing people inhumanly  but the so called rebels may be just as bad or worse !
 @ kingsfansouth realdonaldtrump i usually agree with you not tonight stop criticizing the presidenti will when he makes good decisions
 @ leebandoni realdonaldtrump for once the uk has seen sense and not been dragged into this they were for once very smart !
how bad has our leader made us look on syria stay out of syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize
if obama attacks syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the us will look very bad !
is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria ? our leaders don't know what they are doing !
the ratings of the cycle on msnbc a sad and pathetic show are way down if they fired racist moron  @ toure a truly stupid guy they live !
 @ reuschal realdonaldtrump how do you know those kids will never work ?  i know !
so a woman in chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men she is one of many these kids will never work trouble !
 @ hrt05hsv realdonaldtrump  @ realdbp you could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons thanks
 @ realdbp realdonaldtrump a talk show is a great idea please make the time sir the country needs you now more than ever
 @ cbs397 realdonaldtrump you should have your own talk show  networks and many have asked but i don't have the time thanks !
 @ zachheatherly :  could be argued that  @ realdonaldtrump may or may not be a horrible person but his twitter is the best ! thank you donald
people are really liking the new ties and shirts  @ macy'sthey are amazing and selling great !
what will we get for bombing syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict ? obama needs congressional approval
congress must protect our borders first amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped
if christian bale turned down $50m to return as batman he should have his head examined what was he thinking ? !
the yankees are sure lucky george steinbrenner is not around a lot of people would be losing their jobs
wow  @ cnbc ratings are really low worst in many years i guess i'll have to start doing my tuesday morning interviews with them again !
the united states needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first !
let the arab league take care of syria why are these rich arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack ?
if we are going to continue to be stupid and go into syria watch russia as they say in the movies shoot first and talk later !
i wonder what the great generals like patton the big m or robert e lee would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack ?
 @ walaa3ssaf   no dopey i would not go into syria but if i did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria why can't we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise ?
 @ leavesofgrass realdonaldtrump actually i think it was factual and right on the mark you are a vulture sir nothing more  thank you !
 @ thulisakanzi have the arab league do it and pay for it
do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone being complacent is a good way to get nowhere take control and move forward every day
a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him”    gen douglas macarthur
“you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be” – think like a billionaire
josh8j4    realdonaldtrump i have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again  # usa thank you
young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive you can do it think big !
i have a dream that our country will be great again !  # dreamday
 @ kimguilfoyle   thanks for your support  i greatly enjoyed your comments on the five the other day best wishes !
as i predicted long ago the war in iraq was a disaster for the us heading for civil war there are bombings all over the placeiran happy
 @ seanmichaelmc realdonaldtrump in chicago for the first time your building is amazing from the outside cool color to the inside
there has been a systematic targeting of the tea party by the obama administration now schneiderman goes after me no coincidence
has ag schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions ? we will find out
i hope the ny tax payer appreciates the millions schneiderman is about to waste on a small case i will litigate to victory
fox and friends
 @ sammycarguru realdonaldtrump since the art of the deal you have been an inspiration to me !  thanks
 @ susanskeldon realdonaldtrump i wish there were more people in the world like you thanks for all you do your an awesome person thanks
after years of long stops then starts why did dopey eric scheiderman tell people in the trump org this case is going awaywe have no case
why is it that eric schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after jon corzine and big abusers for billions ?
 @ mattechase realdonaldtrump extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit you can sue !
 @ dadsnicklefritz realdonaldtrump i will make this known if you had run for president you had my vote if you runyou still have my vote
 @ nickfaldo006   sir nick is not only a great player he is a great guy and by the way doing a fantastic job for cbs !
people should be proud of the fact that i got obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he “miraculously” found
why are people upset w/ me over pres obama’s birth certificate ?i got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could !
“to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values know when to give back” – think big
one of obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work
 @ gabrielsherman roger ailes never called me about your piece on him gabriel he is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
 @ southtguy realdonaldtrump a better answer would have been yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off  that too
 @ richkowalski31 realdonaldtrump what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate ?energy !
 @ tarekr realdonaldtrump what do you think should be done about gun control in the us ?all good folks that have a gun should control it !
“leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done” – the art of the deal
it’s wednesday  how many times will arod sue the  @ yankees today ?  arod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament
glad to see that the egyptian army is releasing mubarek as we see obama never should have abandoned him he was an ally
 @ joebloww79 realdonaldtrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society wish more had the ability
obamacare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16 of the economy and ultimately more !
our country needs to reestablish the work ethic in ny welfare pays better than jobs 
chicago is a shooting disasterthey should immediately go to stop and frisk they have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved !
be sure to check  @ fundanything to see my picks 
so lets get this right steve jobs dies and leaves his wife everythingbillions of dollars now his wife has a boyfriend lover oh steve !
rebuild the unitedstates not places that hate our country and everything we stand for !
let the arab countries take care of egyptthey have more to gain and plenty of moneyit's time for the us to stop being stupidno dollars
 @ irishcigarguy realdonaldtrump you are so right as usual you should run but it be a big pay cut you are what we need thank you !
 @ capetown58 realdonaldtrump do you think white house is doing enough about egypt ?  they don't know what they are doing not even close !
 @ gfeorg realdonaldtrump after you become our next president  no one will take advantage of this country again
 @ meenah83 realdonaldtrump  can't wait for you to be president of the united state  and what a great country it would be !
 @ thineline4 realdonaldtrump for a long time i thought you were so nasty now after reading your tweets i changed my mind great !
see problems as a mind exercise enjoy the challengeand remember to keep focused on your goals
 @ sjblueyes realdonaldtrump you've got the vote of most americans who want to see our great country restored to be the greatest country !
 @ murraydavidcole realdonaldtrump we need someone with a clue someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole we need mr trump !
 @ phattim26 realdonaldtrump we need a true leader to guide this great nation will you please answer the call ? you have my vote thank you
 @ vin609 realdonaldtrump sad day for atlantic city was the day you packed it in the town jumped when you were there major loss
 @ zionslion777 realdonaldtrump it would be an honor to our nation if you would be our president ! thank you for your confidence !
myself with mother and father at new york military academy see i can be very military high rank !… 
 @ candla realdonaldtrump we all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone  ours answers only to michelle !
 @ lovemyklr shawnatova  @ realdonaldtrump she did good trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand just like reagan
 @ carlcicahn   carl keep lt going i have a lot of apple stock push them to quickly come out with a larger screen for the iphone samsung
 @ peterose14   once again it is time to let all time hits leader pete rose into the baseball hall of fame he has paid a big price !
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going as long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going
republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacarelets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff !
 @ americanwoman00 realdonaldtrump great interview on greta can i tell you that i think that you are awesome ? thank you !
 @ hunterbalthazor realdonaldtrump if you ran for president you have my vote get this economy back on track !
 @ alerdzcuevas realdonaldtrump you should be the president of my country mexico  i better learn spanish very fast !
obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of congress from obamacare  why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the us ?
still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile  be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think !
 @ femiadebanji :  i like thinking big if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big – donald trump
 @ lordkaa213 realdonaldtrump i dont know how you do it getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit you are special
 @ drvinaychopra realdonaldtrump i want to learn golf from the best can you teach me heard you are an amazing golfer !  true !
did the poor but smart to leave exhusband of  @ ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid aol deal ?
make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you  think like a champion
“money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains” – think like a billionaire
 @ cobra4748 realdonaldtrump you are the only candidate  ! we need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
 @ thefamilyleader   it was great being with you last night  fantastic people and bob v is special ! !
 @ thisweekabc  should be interesting  lets see how fair and honest they will be ! enjoy
big crowd expected tomorrow night in iowa it will be interesting and fun  great people !
“watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack”      general george s patton
thank you  @ golfmagazine for putting my scotland course on your cover and a top 100 course in the world 
if the gov't shuts down it is because obama wants to make working americans buy obamacare while businesses and gov't are exempt
fact – the reason why americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because obama refuses to pass a budget
obama should meet with putin snd convince him to do what is good for the us  it's called good dealmaking or simply leadership ! cajole
 @ jackclemens1 realdonaldtrump i met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me thsnks
being true to yourself equals being true to your brandthat’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing midas touch
“it’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing” – think like a champion
patience is the greatest of all virtues  cato
get respect and do not give a damn if people like you think big
do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage
 @ alexsiminoff realdonaldtrump is my model i have been looking up to him for the longest time  thanks !
by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail benjamin franklin
 @ dianejackson9 if you love what you're doing the energy and passion will be there it's the best way to succeed
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that” – midas touch
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone elsealbert einstein
our greatest weakness lies in giving up the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more timethomas a edison
the old post office building in washington dc will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the worldlots of jobs !
what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals  goethe
 @ tamilasami  the key word is yet keep at it never give up
 @ tomuchpolitics realdonaldtrump i would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question ?  with a little good guidance great !
do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone being complacent is a good way to get nowhere get your momentum going and keep it going
a good question for wouldbe entrepreneurs to ask themselves :   what am i pretending not to see ? there are a lot of opportunities out there
“history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid”  dwight d eisenhower
let me sum this up for you 
do as i say not as i do obama just granted a special obamacare exemption for all congress 
if once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem  abraham lincoln
go confidently in the direction of your dreams live the life you have imagined henry david thoreau
isn't it sad the way putin is toying with obama regarding snowden we look weak and pathetic could not happen witha strong leader !
i’m on  @ etonlinealert tonight to talk about what the yankees should have done about arod long ago 
it is a great victory for nyc that arod will never wear pinstripes again
a sad day for america with snowden being granted asylum in russia  putin is laughing at obama
i wonder who  @ arseniohall's first guest will be his show will be great !
 @ joelosteen :  life is too short to hang around cynical people find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories
now with the dangerweiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy eliot spitzer a man who has never earned 10 cents in his life
defund it or own it if you fund it you're for it   @ senmikelee
 @ jurciuoli19 justin it will be on in the fall  the cast will be great !
without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing !
 @ kata2bijak :  you have to have big ideas but you've got to have energy to get them done ~ donald trump
 @ kata2bijak :  i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don't know everything ~ donald trump
even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement  henry ford
the best way out is always through  robert frost
trust in god and be true to yourself mary macleod trumpknow everything you can about what you're doing fred c trump
the golden rule of negotiating :   he who has the gold makes the rules
 @ tuserious854 the art of the deal is a good start
 @ tuserious854 i love what i do you have to have passion for your work in order to be successful that's number one
negotiation tip :  think about what the other side wants know where they're coming from try to create a win/win situation
negotiation tip :  be patient be persistent be stubborn know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself
success is not the key to happiness happiness is the key to success if you love what you are doing you'll be a success  a schweitzer
don't tread water get out there and go for it there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
 @ twandaguy realdonaldtrump what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur ? come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
 @ theotherrosie realdonaldtrump  @ kmcs1957 do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president ?  my kids !
 @ markagiarrusso realdonaldtrump  @ kmcs1957 you will get support but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race
 @ lebanesemafia24 realdonaldtrump there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to donald trump so true !
 @ olliesdaddy realdonaldtrump is there anyone that loves you more than yourself ? probably not !
 @ kmcs1957 realdonaldtrump what one thing would it take for you to run for president in 2016 ?  great support !
the us is now begging russia to give back edward snowden in a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor no respect !
 @ cbrock14 realdonaldtrump what do you think the best major to study in college is ? follow your dreamsstudy what you love !
 @ mrrmart realdonaldtrump what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country ? find greatness and push to victory !
druggie  @ arod is now scheming to sue the  @ yankees he will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time
 @ cbass7 realdonaldtrump you are truly a man that anyone can look up to i have the utmost respect for you a true and honest man i try !
 @ globogus realdonaldtrump you are my biggest inspiration ! all the way in australia but i know you are a great american god bless thanks !
 @ garyjs realdonaldtrump do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like detroit ?  with bad leadership it could happen !
 @ shelbymorgan12 :  i feel like  @ realdonaldtrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best that's a shortcut to undermining your own potential
 @ shelbymorgan12 :  i feel like  @ realdonaldtrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
entrepreneurs are all unique one way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are  midas touch
my comment last march  “anthony weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change ? he will never change” 
 @ prisih91   in love with the best book that i ever read  !  @ realdonaldtrump why we want you to be rich and robert kiyosaki
today obama will give another speech on the economy tomorrow our country will still be $17t in debt with 18 real unemployment
we all know that chess is a game of strategy so is business think about that and develop a strategy starting today
more and more reporters are using the word trump when referring to winningjust used on bloomberg  news  gee i wonder why ?
 @ adanthedon realdonaldtrump what advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol  tough deal but can be lickedaa
 @ harkiret realdonaldtrump i think you would make a great president of the united states because you are an amazing leader thank you !
 @ adriandemers realdonaldtrump if you were the president how long would it take for you to erase the us debt deficit ?  not very long !
 @ therickyjones realdonaldtrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things ?  absolutely !
 @ heymaccc :  i feel like the only people who hate  @ realdonaldtrump are people who can't handle the truthhe tells it how it is
 @ domenicgallina realdonaldtrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv  it will be a great season with our best cast ever !
 @ ptcurtis realdonaldtrump is ny so out of touch they would vote in weiner ?  in this crazy world anything is possible !
 @ cr7oned realdonaldtrump people are going to trash you even though you were right ! sickens me  thank you and wiener will do it again !
 @ followheidi realdonaldtrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings correct ? the more i travel the more i see
 @ mexicoindie realdonaldtrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say everything would be better
 @ jerzfukc :  honestly  @ realdonaldtrump been one of my role models ever since i was 9 years old i still look up to him and want to meet him
on anthony wiener i told you so !
 @ anbmjb realdonaldtrump you have so much confidence have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own win !
as i told everyone once before wiener is a sick puppy who will never change100 of perverts go back to their ways sadly there is no cure
“to be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities few ever get rich easily” – think like a billionaire
this is the summer of box office bombs  who is green lighting this garbage ? the scripts are terrible
if you've got some problems today that's a good signthat's life so give them some thought and make the most of the situation
word is that they have far more evidence on arod than they have on ryan braun ! alex is over
china is taking the oil from iraq after we spent 15 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom our leaders are so stupid !
apple is finally considering a large screen for the iphonethey better get moving fast when i told them to do this last year they scoffed
our gdp has been growing less than 2 for the last 5 years  obamacare will slow us down even more  has to be repealed
detroit is going through very hard times right now if they are smart brighter days are ahead
if you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it go out and get busy  dale carnegie
i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be  ken venturi
 @ michaelfarkas realdonaldtrump can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter ?
“one thing i’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better”  art of the deal
the fed’s pumping is great  news  in the short term but it can’t last forever  be prudent in your market investing
why is the  @ gop congress focusing on amnesty when so many americans are unemployed ?
we all have the capability to read or sense what's happening with others it can often give you the edge cont 
isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
sad thing is rolling stone was is a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it !
sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities  think like a champion
the zimmerman trial is over  it is time to move on  while zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on
 @ pliztef  i like being nice to people
be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have  dale carnegie
 @ alejandro12386 realdonaldtrump how to get rich incredible book im trying to understand deeply that book
 @ ynotgolfguy realdonaldtrump must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns please enjoy yourself while we worryi wish
weiner and spitzer are on top of the latest polls  a sad day for the greatest city on earth ! they will spend lots of time together
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there” think big
because i will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie  # roadhard 
“a brand is not a logo a brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver” – midas touch
 @ sharky88 realdonaldtrump i wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track wish you would run !
obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipelinehas to happen but it is very late !
“learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction” – think like a champion
ready to get mad ? ! we are sending foreign aid to china our greatest threat 
 @ lorraine0914 realdonaldtrump the people that don' t like you just wish they were you ! i adore you and your beautiful family !  thanks l
 @ sscottlilly80 realdonaldtrump run for president we need someone to stand up china and russia they laugh at us now they do laugh !
 @ jamesmattiske realdonaldtrump the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you  the haters are losers with no guts !
 @ mariacapa123 realdonaldtrump i don't understand why people hate you it's crazy to me people should look up to you they do !
 @ bigdaddyd603 realdonaldtrump first time i have ever agreed with you  you must be kidding !
 @ eianbell realdonaldtrump i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case  thank you for being so nice !
 @ kindofabd :  who would have guessed that  @ realdonaldtrump would be the smartest person on my  news  feed right now i was always the smartest !
zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of selfdefense especially in florida law gave the jury little other choice
 @ masonmugwire realdonaldtrump would it kill you to have a little humility now and then ?  probably !
i would invite edward snowden to be a judge at the miss universe pageant in moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early !
 @ billydouglas realdonaldtrump would the us hand a russian over in similar circumstances ?  with ease and get nothing for it !
russia should hand over snowden to the us but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders
 @ rsims16 realdonaldtrump you give me great motivation mr trump ! you have done amazing things over the years ! now i'm on my way to the top
 @ mrperfect4 realdonaldtrump how come u only reply to compliments ?  because i like nice people far better than the losers and haters
 @ tcasson21 realdonaldtrump craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day ? what is your opinion of him ?  who is craig ferguson ?
a woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes our legal system is a mess watch 
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work” – think like a champion
 @ theesirzensa realdonaldtrump plays a huge role in what kind of a business man i would love to bei respect him and look up to him
 @ drewgoo07 realdonaldtrump has the realest tweets out there the man in a great american and if your not following him your missing out
do not view any failure as the end learn your lessons quickly then move on do not dwell on failure start thinking big again
lying traitor snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the russians or chinese  why doesn’t he come home then ?
why should obamacare be delayed for businesses and not working families ?  with premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable
just as i predicted obamacare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own may never be fully implemented
getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough !
with the two wacko pervertsspitzer and weinernyc politics has become a joke all over the world
spitzer never made 10 cents on his ownhe worked for his very rich father a friend of mine who never thought much of eliot as a businessman
eliot spitzer was a horrible governor and ag who ruined many good people and cost the country billions of dollars in losses and jobs
 @ hiang3l realdonaldtrump my only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you your my idol my inspiration !  have fun !
it probably was not drugs that caused the san fran crash but why aren't they testing  who knows ?
pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that bin laden was living in abbottabad  they were sheltering him
it’s tuesday  how much money will karl rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the house ?
“you don't necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal” – the art of the deal
“a failure or setback is not a defeat defeat is a state of mind you are defeated only when you accept defeat” – think big
 @ rickhasamartini   you said you are tired  say the rest that you're lazy and dumb !
was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world bringing tremendous business to scotland 
based on john sweeney's lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown enjoy ! 
the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty  pres lincoln
remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive  think like a champion
if you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time what really matters is how you respond to them  think big
 @ brandideator the art of the deal is a good start
we should not cut any aid to egypt  their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government
isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property ?
 @ marcocompagno you are probably correct i am too honest to be a good politician !
 @ hennesseykyle realdonaldtrump i would vote for you in a second great american that would get this country back on track  thank you
 @ johnnyboob2 realdonaldtrump what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track ?  false hope
 @ mattgallows realdonaldtrump if you were to become president could you make this country financially successful ?  absolutely !
for all of those that were hoping i was wrong and this is a very unimportant subject to me dwight howard just officially announced houston
 @ linro2 realdonaldtrump when are you going to buy a pro sports team ?  too many other things to do !
 @ michaelm realdonaldtrump you are a very handsome man   i know but the haters and losers never give me credit for that ! too bad
to all of those who asked i predicted two weeks ago and again last night that dwight howard would go to houstondo i get congratsinsight ?
 @ michaelmu realdonaldtrump how important do you think college is ? especially during these times  very important
the arab spring is not working out so wellnice name bad results !
 @ michaelmu realdonaldtrump thats such a clichè ! you can do better than that !  but it is so true and will never change
sharks are last on my list  other than perhaps the losers and haters of the world !
sorry folks i'm just not a fan of sharks  and don't worry they will be around long after we are gone
in 2011 i said that mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse  obama made a mistake
i just arrived in miami where i will be checking out construction of the brand new trump national doral  always closely watch construction !
he would be crazy to play in la  really bad coach who can't adjust to his players !
wow obama care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood  the beginning of the end !
 @ hawksfandenver realdonaldtrump what is the best way to grow money when not starting with much ?  marry a rich person !
 @ bornagain8344   will they pay us for the helpthey have plenty of money oil
 @ ollact realdonaldtrump to quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right ! thank you fred  my father was a great guy and teacher
pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work  aristotle
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why” – midas touch
snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice  in reality you are just another wiseguy traitor
 @ keyagents realdonaldtrump is a no nonsense man he means what he says and does what he intends and sets out to do i'm a fan of great
you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life  think big
yesterday obama compared nelson mandela to george washington in africa do you think he really believes it ?
our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the arizona wildfire god bless them
edward snowden is absolutely killing the the us with other countries !
every penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen  corruption is rampant !
 @ carsonevans1 realdonaldtrump you were right back in january when you said boeing was the stock to buy  thank you !
 @ marcsoler1 realdonaldtrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets you are the golden boy of real state all my respects
 @ chuffman48 realdonaldtrump i mean mark cuban is better with his money than you  not even close dopey
 @ chuffman48 realdonaldtrump or should i ask mark cuban to tweet at me since you wont he is boring and much poorer than me !
 @ reneemk realdonaldtrump i bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money  i create lots of jobs
 @ sweetsare realdonaldtrump hope the renovation is going well  thanks when finished it will be the best in countryand going well
i am going to trump national doral in miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation in construction always watch the money !
i am so disappointed that the yankeed haven't terminatrd arod's contract there is no way they would not win in court ! hard to believe
 @ queenof72 realdonaldtrump u should have run for president our country is in a mess  much bigger than you know !
 @ showstopper1020 realdonaldtrump thank you for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family
 @ sroyboyk realdonaldtrump how much $ did you start with ? not a hater just trying to get an answer a tiny fraction of what i have built
 @ stevebickerton2 realdonaldtrump  @ ryanseanheron i know he supports others and he does not want or get in the  news  papers for it thanks
 @ spsmith78   so how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says ?
 @ blmeek realdonaldtrump you could have blown all the money or made it growpeople are just jealous  totally true and thank you !
what my father really gave me is a good great brain motivation and the benefit of his experienceunlike the haters and losers lazy !
you mean the fact that my father left me some money as a good father will and i multiplied it many many times to over $10 billionis bad ?
i don't get  @ billmaher and his terrible show  he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect check past !
imagination is more important than knowledge albert einstein
sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes it is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations  steve jobs
how did snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret us records he then gave or sold those recordstraitor !
can you imagine not taking snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands where he gave away many us secrets
keep difficulties in perspective ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ?
call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors ?
whether you like it or not bush also gave us obama !
remember but for conservatives bush would have given us not only roberts but also harriet miers face it bush was terrible !
why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the republican judges will go
obamacare could eat up your raise 
as hard as it is to believe sexting pervert anthony weiner is leading in some polls for mayor of nyc
“don’t be afraid of mistakes they can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself”  think like a champion
one of the most expensive projects ever in miami  @ trumpdoral’s $200m of renovations are right on schedule when completed will be elite !
paula deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake she will be back !
the people of scotland love the golf course i have builtit is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built ! thank you also to robb report
 @ michael74085825   almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community polls have shown 93 approval : 
 @ cariread08 realdonaldtrump i look forward to your wise words every day nice to learn from one of the best you are very smart !
 @ jfsargent :  i feel like that last tweet by  @ realdonaldtrump is gonna be a good one to have on record  yeah for me !
 @ jmano33 realdonaldtrump you are without a doubt the coolest ! not many people stand up for themselves in today's world ! thank you
if you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience  midas touch
keep stimulating your mind with big ideas be a collector of big ideas constantly fill your mind with new information  think big
we need to worry about the american worker first !
becoming a us citizen is not a right it’s a privilege
“some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious” – think like a champion
snowden is showing how weak the us has become
we are being embarrassed by russia and china on snowden and much more yet obama is talking about global warming on tuesday
 @ jmuoio88 :  pretty sure the reason  @ realdonaldtrump is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life that helped !
coming together is a beginning keeping together is progress working together is success  henry ford
change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future john f kennedy
the best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present
vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
after one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the spurs to beat the heat  but who knows good game on now !
 @ pattiwavinak realdonaldtrump i do have to say i went to your timeline and saw you did not tweet that ! hope you catch the bastard ! done
keep focused on your goals practice positive thinking view any conflict as an opportunitylook at the solution not the problem
we know who did the hoax of james gandolfini and obamacare be careful mister
james gandolfini was a remarkable talent  he was also a decent man  we will all miss him
some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g there was no tweet and there was no deletea totally fabricated story nobody saw tweet
who would really believe i would say such a thing about a guy i truly liked james gandolfini  sadly very sick people use my name
i never made the ridiculous comment about james g and obama care  somebody else put it out and attributed it to me not my style !
great basketball game going on right now !
do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow  if so will he become my new best friend ?
the miami heat is getting it's ass kicked  they better start playing or it will be a long summer for them
i met a trump twitter hater last night well known as he came near me he nervously said mr trump it is an honor to meet you sir ! nice
young entrepreneurs – never back down take the hits and get up  that’s what makes a winner
keep testing your limits never become complacent  always think big !
all i can say is that if i were president snowden would have already been returned to the us by their fastest jet and with an apology !
snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and usprestige china is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
snowden is sitting in china and taunting the us he is mocking us as a country great time to place a tax on china trade if not turned over
like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about miss usa and miss utah by the way she is a fine young womanunfair to her
a country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure secure our borders !
 @ justinrose99 :  time to enjoy an amazing day !   you were fantastic in winning the us open your father is looking down and proud of you !
 @ aussiemika74 realdonaldtrump any plans to present in sydney again ? missed the last one but heard great things about it  yes
a family in las vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetratorsthe other fled and will be captured great !
we should stay the hell out of syria the rebels are just as bad as the current regime what will we get for our lives and $ billions ?zero
happy father's day to all even the haters and losers !
 @ littlechutemike realdonaldtrump your business sense is amazing i hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you  very nice
work often becomes problem solving  problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you  think like a champion
for an advance preview of the miss usa 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to 
still a great time to buy residential property  the courts are holding up foreclosures  buy directly from the banks
challenges present opportunities  always keep your focus and stay calm
thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes  very nice !
 @ jdawgnuts realdonaldtrump if you really thought you could have won you would have ran  very bad grammar run
 @ lanah11 realdonaldtrump i've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever ! how can it win awards ?
 @ sirklza  hater danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life !
just tried watching modern family  written by a moron really boring writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child sorry danny !
lightweight  @ dannyzuker is too stupid to see that china and others is destroying the us economically and our leaders are helpless ! sad
 @ rich9ie8 realdonaldtrump we need more great americans like you to make this country strong   thanks for the nice words !
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president ?
if snowden was such a hero then he would be in america  he is escaping justice !
i've been warning about china since as early as the 80’s no one wanted to listen now our country is in real trouble  # timetogettough
wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted !
 @ yra007unaj realdonaldtrump i most definitely agree with you such an inspiration you are   thanks and work hard and smart !
always pretend that you're working for yourself you'll do a wonderful job it's simple but it works  think like a billionaire
with so many scandals plaguing obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time could help him get away w/ all of them
please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet”  it is a total scam
a coincidence that the nsa leaker is living openly in hong kong ? ! at the same time the chinese pres met with obama in ca
i hope everybody goes to macy's today to get donald j  trump shirts ties suits and cufflinks  they are really beautiful at low price
inspiration exists but it must find you working  pablo picasso
we look forward to making the old post office in dc one of the great hotels of the world 
i feel bad for all  @ vanityfair employees every day at work they see circulation going down as graydon runs his bad food restaurants
pete rose should now be allowed in the baseball hall of fame the alltime hits leader has paid the price already !
george steinbrenner would have done a major number on a rod  there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union !
i can't believe the yankees continue to pay a rod  they have a perfect right to stop paying and should have stopped a long time ago
 @ goonrob   the show is a joke in comparison to the original apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money
 @ strangedrugs realdonaldtrump when you die in 4 or 5 years the world will be a better place  i know i will make it that way !
likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the african american and hispanic communities these people want law and order now !
when it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correctmust tell it like it is !
my son  @ erictrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for  @ stjude he is a really good boy who loves helping kids
i will be going to aberdeen scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of trump international golf linkspress conference
 @ charleyufarley   innocent of what weren't they brutally mugging people in the park that night ? the city better not settle this case !
 @ arid93  they should have stopped paying him a long time ago
whitey bulger’s prosecution starts today  will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials
 @ kathyth38140700 realdonaldtrump  @ nicole52008 i also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now !
the miami heat looked great tonight  congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami trump national doral
the chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this postsaddam oil boom in iraq 
business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling keep it short fast and direct  think like a champion
congratulations to aberdeen and scotland for just having our great golf course named best new course in world by the robb report
thank you to the robb report the best of the best issue for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world !
 @ arronj1  find something you love doingyou have to have passion for your work then work hard and keep focused good luck !
today judge st eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by goldberg in chicago  the case is now officially over…
“protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself – the art of the deal
the yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the mets  my great friend george steinbrenner would be going nuts !
young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will !
frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us
 @ vattenfallgroup will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense besides they smartly just left the project
 @ jakepalmer412 realdonaldtrump i look up to you mr trump i wsnt to be like you when i grow up can i get a reply ?
 @ charmed112586 realdonaldtrump i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school great school
 @ pastorshanewest  hi to your sons tell them to never give up !
 @ andyshinberger realdonaldtrump people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you they hate themselves !
 @ davidfulop realdonaldtrump what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40 ? work hard and love what you do !
we spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the world but with hurricane sandy and oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us !
 @ smerwickman realdonaldtrump iraq was a mistake but how was obama responsible ?  he should have and could have gotten out much sooner !
 @ eliiizabethhhhh realdonaldtrump run for president in 2016 so i can vote for you ! you would have this country fixed in a month !
i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail  be smart !
 @ ustechie realdonaldtrump what are you doing with old post office in washingtondc and when ?  we are going to build the finest hotel in c !
 @ onthevirg66 realdonaldtrump your the greatest inspiration keep up the great work and thank you for all you do   thank you virgil !
 @ mjjustus1 realdonaldtrump thank you for the times you invited vets to maralago you didn't have to do that so thanks it was my honor !
 @ coolz36 realdonaldtrump you would make this country great again if you ran for president no only if i wonthen it would be great again
 @ resatdorsia16 realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will vote for the first time ever i would finally believe in someone
 @ kamsunited realdonaldtrump 4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office i wish it was you
see dummy danny zuker who i never heard until this started something that he couldn't finishgutless and unwilling to take my bet !
 @ itsjenwbitches :  people can hate on  @ realdonaldtrump all they want but in reality he's flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet
 @ moosejawnski realdonaldtrump bring cash jobs and hope back to america and run for president !  not much hope in our country right now
 @ dominicformaro realdonaldtrump it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you i bet it feels good to laugh at them
sorry folks got to go to work now  but i'll be baaaaack !
 @ dannyzuker andyrichter i have to be honest i think i'm starting not to like the guy actually danny you would like me very much !
if  @ dannyzuker competed against me andwon which not too many people do he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity !
the lawyer i just beat in chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than  @ dannyzuker come on danny make the bet !
 @ dannyzuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last nighthe's afraid to make the wager
 @ therealkurse thank you i was dealing with a very bad person !
 @ dannyzuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal
hope everyone is watching the finale rerun of celebrity apprentice on cnbcespecially the haters and losers ! it is on right now
no  @ dannyzuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game come on danny you can do it !
 @ dannyzuker i hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are !
no  @ dannyzuker  just the opposite lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game deal !
remember  @ dannyzuker  you are not even the real boss of modern family  no big $$$$$$'s for you !
i know you don't like to hear this  @ dannyzuker but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of mod fam
just got final renderings of trump national doral in miami  there will be nothing like it in the country will be the best !
 @ dannyzuker are you ready for the deal ?
 @ dannyzucker are you ready for the deal ?
i never heard of  @ dannyzucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mindbut i have a great deal for him !
 @ danrpriest realdonaldtrump just out of curiosity what makes you care so much about what they think ?  i study cowards and stupid people
it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting  they will no longer be so brave !
 @ forq2  are you making less than minimum wage don't worry the government will protect you afraid to give your real name ? you should be
 @ congressgent realdonaldtrump is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live it is impossible to think otherwise  very nice thanks !
people do business with those people they like and trust  ralph j roberts founder of comcast
 @ buseyfoundation  @ thegarybusey thanks gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well
in your planning know how much risk you can take evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk
if i'd started in business thinking i knew everything i'd have been sunk before i got started  think like a champion
memorial day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom god bless them all
thank you for all of the positive response on my chicago lawsuit victory yesterday most of you saw through the phony age card ploy
 @ sennandy realdonaldtrump what a great wave you ride without people like you the world would be years behind where we are thank you !
 @ pattyochs realdonaldtrump why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you ?  they are sick and mentally weak !
 @ warrencasselljr realdonaldtrump i agree ! she tried to ruin the good old trump brand ! you can not let her get away with it  true !
 @ poemtrees :  counter sue for your loss of time if you want but it might be easier to let it go~ glad you won and had justice~
i loved beating these two terrible human beings i would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser !
jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co filed many years ago sheand her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
the so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer
 @ chrismcnall realdonaldtrump congratulations on win in chicago today  thank you this woman played the age card and made up a story
it's important to remain open to new ideas and new information keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing
 @ baker772 realdonaldtrump what a great hotel have stayed there twice love it more and more every time
 @ chrisinspfld realdonaldtrump your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more thanks chris : 
 @ bluejoni realdonaldtrump the scots love their wind power  no they hate that it is ruining their land which it is
scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population and more
trust yourself create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life  golda meir
pervert anthony wiener will never be able to get away from his perversionthe cure rate is zero
use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong  think big
jodi arias jury is having a hard time with the death penaltyjudge just sent them back for further deliberatuon
amazingly  @ anthonyweiner is going to run the cure rate for his problem is 0 lots of other things will come out
 circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants  @ condenastcorp
the lincoln day dinner last night in michigan was fantastic record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm i loved it !
one season ends and another starts  already casting for the next  @ apprenticenbc great  news  for charity$13 million so far
because of the tornado tragedy i will not be doing  @ piersmorgan tonight i wish everyone well !
we may get out of obamacare because the train wreck is impossible to implement 
i love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on celebrity apprenticeall proud of that !
last night's live show was so much fun congrats to the entire cast they are all winners !  from beginning over $13 million for charity
the cast for next season looks really good !
just left the set of the apprentice  the live show tonight will be fantastic  and something very big and very different is going to happen
how badly will the country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of obama care ?
 @ lordsugar  much more than anybody knows dopey much more  and it will soon be revealed in detail
 @ danielrsimoes realdonaldtrump here in brazil we set up a group to see the final of the apprentice live hug and more success for you
sugar is nowhere near being a billionaireand i know he works for me !
 @ ozziemae realdonaldtrump i love that you speak whatever's on your mind that is true courage living your truth
i'm watching knicks gamei'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got themtoo bad too late !
who do you like of the final two ?  # celebapprentice 
the live finale of  @ apprenticenbc is this sunday at 9/8c watch and see who will be the first ever allstar celebrity apprentice
the sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military they have failed to stop it
just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers
in other words our military has a very big problem !
unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in not me of course there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
i was never a fan of bush 2 for many reasons including the fact that we should never have gone into iraq but once there kept the oil ! dumb
our very stupidly run country better stop being so politically correct or we won't have a country to run anymore !
general says that the armed forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control
army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wifewhat is going on ?
 @ ahatwearer realdonaldtrump why are you suing an old lady ?  because she is rich and owes me money  i am not stupid !
 @ blakemharris   but they are the folks i like the best  by far !
looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all  just what new york city needs  and he will revert back to form always do !
 @ chrishansen   good to see you also  i will be watching !
to be a big success in any field you need to build momentum momentum is all about energy and timing   think big
 @ billingsley29  do what you love work hard keep your focus and your momentum intact good luck !
if these scandals happened before the election obama could not have won
 @ swayneonmain realdonaldtrump and how many people died on bush and cheneys watch ? talk about that i was never a fan lots of mistakes
i wonder what the next scandal will be in dc ? can we handle yet another ?
the three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown !
i totally respect that angelina jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger  she has really come a long and positive way !
success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm  winston  churchill
benghazi obama lied our people died
i am pleased to inform you that celebrity apprentice has been renewed for another season by nbc see you at the nbc upfronts tomorrow
 @ matthewsmales1 realdonaldtrump is a great american a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy
 @ 71kristine realdonaldtrump thank you for fund anything mr trump you know how to help people in all the right ways with hope
 @ jwalkerkid realdonaldtrump you win on tv shows hands down you are a successful person  i love all the shows u have come up with
 @ leebandoni realdonaldtrump time for you to instruct the bbc to replace him he has the personality of a tea bag
 @ persvanstrom   based on your picture i can see why  you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline
the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in tv history
 @ african11   but i love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do !
 @ mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television the benefactor now he is one of many on a modest ratings show s t
 @ lennydopkin   i have not run it for many years i sold it a long time ago great deal great timing when i owned it a top place !
 @ guerrillatycoon  not even close  he is just as you know a very bad copy who i profit from
just left trump national doral in miami  under massive construction  the blue monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built !
no investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless vattenfall pit they totally gave up 
dummy i'm asking a question  look at the question mark at the end of the sentence ! use your head
jodi thought she outsmarted the system  it didn't work !  congratulations to the jury on a job well done !  now will it be life or death ?
man we had a great day today at trump tower  lots of money was given to many people who really needed it  good feelings and happiness !
sorry losers and haters but my iq is one of the highest and you all know it ! please don't feel so stupid or insecureit's not your fault
what do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations ?
“never think of learning as a burden it may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning”– think like a champion
i'm giving away money go to 
we continue to lose our nation’s finest in afghanistan almost daily the rules of engagement are costing lives
i just gave lots of money away at trump tower to people who needed itthey were very happy and appreciative !
what a great time we just had in the atrium of tump tower for 
i gave away money go to 
people do not assume this but more than anything else i like helping people be at trump tower at 11 am today
i would absolutely kill jon stewart ? in a debate  it would be no contest  he's not fast enough or smart enough only obnoxious enough !
 @ asmarks18 realdonaldtrump i dont care for stewart but do you ever shut up ?  i never give up !
just watched jon stewart ? jumping up and down and screaming like a madman  nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope !
 @ bobkurlander   thanks bob it is one of the best and will only get betteri will be spending lots of money this summer !
wow i love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazythe generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do not me
is it even slightly possible that jodi arias could be set freewow what a miscarriage of justice that would be !
the jury in the jodi arias trial is believe it or not still out you never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
the generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically c !
keep wednesday morning free you will want to see this !
 @ opensezme realdonaldtrump and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then
 @ digitalpianoman realdonaldtrump you do more good just commenting on twitter than most haters do their whole lives
26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last yearand that is just the number that is reported many do not want to report
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything aboutthe big dark secret !
head of air force's antisexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault ! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be
success seems to be connected w/ action successful people keep moving they make mistakes but they don't quit  conrad hilton
benghazi was a massive cover up
the trump organization is honored to be expanding our interests into dubai the golf course will be the top course in the middle east
god never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better rev  @ billygraham
when written in chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters one represents danger and the other represents opportunity jfk
time magazine should name david pecker of american media to be its top guybut they are not smart enough to do that !
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning” the art of the deal
“always get even when you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you” – think big
 @ snguyen realdonaldtrump thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation we need more leaders like you !thanks
“how much money can you stand to lose ? that’s how much risk you should assume” –   think like a billionaire
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans ?
our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500b  this is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas
with boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the miranda warning so early
allstar celebrity  @ apprenticenbc is down to the five final contestants  getting fired now is when it really hurts !
jodi arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so i really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets
 @ teaparty321 realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 i hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it no doubt !
 @ patrickmendeznv :  they're going to make you their  @ time person of the year in attempt to silence you  they are not smart enough to do that
 @ tmplusii realdonaldtrump your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right ?  because they don't want to !
 @ craigsj   why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the park ? what about their criminal records ?
oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel  ideally it should be $25  cheap to produce and we protect the opec countries
obamacare is a disaster americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services
the people of scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines see press and journal 
money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a housebut be sure to lock in long term financing without which don't buy
housing prices are up in feb over last feb 93 per cent remember i told everyone two years ago to buy but they will be going much higher
 @ fillingerjoanne realdonaldtrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone i said so you my bff  thanks joanne !
 @ bearmountaincr realdonaldtrump did you ever think you would have a tv series outside of re ?  never !
 @ royroper realdonaldtrump we need to get the unemployed back to work  that is a big part of the answer !
congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend
 @ shawngarrett   i should have many emmys for the apprentice if the process were fairin any event it's not my day job        
afghan leader karzai has received tens of millions of dollars in cash from the us government how stupidly is our country being run ?
by scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are it became a much bigger story around the world great !
one hit wonder  @ dannyzuker i notice you are not disputing all of the failures that i said you had let's talk about it !
 @ dannyzuker i'm in front of the camera and behind the camera just looked at your picture you'll never be in front of the camera !
 ? @ richardroeper perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over ! your taste sucks !
 but you only want to talk about 10 years later when i still win 10 pm  in all key demos @ dannyzuker
“failed show  @ dannyzuker” i have never heard of you and was told you are a loserafter reading your credits i have no questions about it !
next year  @ tombrokaw should be the comedian at the white house correspondents’ dinner the only problem is that 
i have a lot of  @ apple stock and i miss steve jobs tim cook must immediately increase the size of the screen 
just out  @ apprenticenbc was in first place in all demos during the 10 pm  hour in the ratings
doing fox and friends at 700 am  hope you loved apprentice last night
 @ ksofen realdonaldtrump i bought one of your ties at macy's as a gift loved it and it was hard to choose just one nice designs  thanks
 @ dbradleyri   you are a great looking guy who is really smart  you can do much better than your current girlfriend  she's nothing !
i remember when the apprentice became the number one show on tv  @ tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of nbc  yankee stadium
marble mouth  @ tombrokaw asks why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have donald trump as your guest of honor ? boring tom
thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at macy's they do great because of really high quality at a low price
 @ anonfarmer  @ peaceliblady   not me i predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy  i now tell people it is a great time to buy
 @ kingofrough realdonaldtrump seriously wonder if you like chinese people ? not talking about its gov  i really like the chinese people
the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like  news weeksoon be dead bad list !
 @ cmheel realdonaldtrump do like mexico ?   yes but they make a fortune off the us  their leaders are far better negotiators than ours
 @ toddz64 realdonaldtrump i love it when you are on letterman you keep him on his toes hope you are on his show again soon i will be !
 @ sadmom realdonaldtrump when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think successwow !
 @ johnrmccabe realdonaldtrump deserves to be president of the united states of america  thanks john we need someone really good great
what apology didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them ? why did they all confess ? aren't police convinced ?
 @ loverofthecross i don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions
 @ mbathaniinc much can be done and it would be easy !
“being true to yourself and your work is an asset remember that assets are worth protecting” – think like a champion
just as i predicted iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos 
the boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical  i am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly
study your area of business all business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing
to be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence it’s like being a conductorset the tempo
do as i say not as i dothe politicians who passed obamacare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
house republicans should be doing everything possible to defund obamacare  instead leadership is funding it 
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term  no more bushes !
dangerous while obama is cutting down our military china has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
after tearing w bush down for 12 years now the media loves him why not ? he gave them obama
weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what nyc needs a pervert mayor
 @ neilwhinhampga realdonaldtrump if you were a golf professional where in the world would you set up your business ? doral in miami
i believe lance armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/oprah—as i predicted everybody is suing him he’ll have nothing left
the boston killer applying today for obamacare he demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately does this include dental ?
 @ maddierene realdonaldtrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the us freeing up the marketthanks
the mother of the boston killers not suspects says her boys are totally innocent and were set upi can see the 14 year long defense now !
lance armstrong just got sued by the federal governmentthey want their money backi told you so ! what was he thinking when he did that int ?
scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the factsit's crazy !
 @ teamackmann realdonaldtrump how do you really feel about mac miller ?  he used my name without my permission and song became a great hit
 @ coolboybrand realdonaldtrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent  they were attacking innocent people in the park !
i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweetswhy do these lowlifes follownothing to do !
 @ bitchforshort  victim never died so they would not have been given death penaltybut did you see what these innocent boys were doing ?
 @ gerhardmcom   perhaps but the country is in really big trouble !  i do love real estate though and am seriously good at it
wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work they deftly changed it to climate changebecause it's freezing !
 @ 11sheila11 realdonaldtrump why dont you just get in there and run for president ? you got all our votes  thanks !
did the boston terrorists register their guns ? no another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer !
“the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his”  gen george s patton
 @ adamkellydeals realdonaldtrump  you are the best ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read thanks adam !
if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you  you want their respect not their friendship
next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture
in light of boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get
sorry to hear  @ msnbc was dead last in the gutter in their boston bombing coverage 
the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential pardon—don’t give it to him mr president—hang tough !
the big problem for little  @ macmiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his donald trump bonanza
me by a lot !
will be doing fox and friends at 7 am in 20 minutes
 @ jbailey1987   yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent !
what did you think of the boardroom ?  # celebapprentice
i hope you are watching the apprenticetonight's show is great and brett michaels is back !
what do you think of water boarding the boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well ? i suspect he may talk !
make the boston killer talk before our doctors make him better once he is well he will say speak to my lawyers
i don't know how al michaels could have been drunk and arrested on friday night if he was totally sharp on saturday morning
if the boston killer applies for obama care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand !
can you imagine the boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse !
bullshitpop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money split between brothers and sisters and i built it into over 9 bill
 @ coachclintswan  tell me what were they doing in the park playing checkers ?
getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life celebrity apprentice is great tonight on nbc at 9 it will be a full two hour show !
you are right the media is always offending donald trumpthey have no limitsbut they will do anything not to offend the boston killer !
i know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually i'm a very compassionate person with a very high iq with strong common sense
didn't the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away ?  we are not dealing with an innocent baby heredeath
when the stupid people start feeling sorry for the boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killingsmaimings
i hate when the  news  media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the boston killer as the suspect
the shirts and ties at macy's are so goodbeautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piecel kicked his ass
i just won a big court decision ny post against some character who claimed i owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties
oh no they are worried that they didn't read the boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument 12 year case to finish ?  t
 @ borlandjim realdonaldtrump can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in canada that sell your apparel will get back to you !
sorry  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost also fragrance is amazing go to macy's
 @ crazygreentiger realdonaldtrump its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place oh i see it's my fault !
 @ unitedindaking realdonaldtrump if my little girl was old enough for twitter i would want her to be able to follow you smart parent !
 @ nuccioking :  if he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit rt  he is white dummy ! what have you been taking !
great job by the fbi boston police and all others involvedstart the trial tonight !
 @ justinmajoy realdonaldtrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence  you are too kind !
 @ jschmeezz23 realdonaldtrump in my opinion you are the best human being ever ! i like that betterthank you !
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health ?
you must be kiddingzero chance he is innocent !
get all the info  then quick trial then death penalty for the boston killer of innocent children and people ! do not be kind
david pecker would be a brilliant choice as ceo of time magazine  nobody could bring it back like david !  
lots of comments—do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others ?
these tsarnaev brothers did not work alone they had help and assistance from other cell members be vigilant and on the lookout
being tough doesn’t mean being nasty difficult or unreasonable it means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up
“sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities” – think like a champion
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people” – midas touch
the reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies  and as we have learned from obamacare washington only makes things worse !
 @ mattmoran50 :  the day  @ realdonaldtrump runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again  wow thank you !
thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life
business is easy dealing with people is hard if you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you
our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in afghanistan are ending up with terrorists 
the chinese must still be laughing at kerry’s trip to china  he got nothing gave them everything and promised even more
great to see  @ redsox win big yesterday good for boston and the country yesterday we were all  @ redsox fans
i sure hope the sexting pervert anthony weiner runs for mayor  will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated
negotiation is persuasion more than power be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from
the world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere  yet crude is over $87/barrel should be $25 at the most
throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at fenway in boston boston will be better than ever 
 @ hardballchris must have the lowest iq on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right
we must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts boston with harsh punishment !
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day !
will be doing fox and friends in two minutes !
do you think i made the right decision ?  # celebapprentice
who do you think is going home ?  # celebapprentice
based on the shoots which silent film do you think will be better ?  # celebapprentice
 @ jeffreybigmoney realdonaldtrump would they have won the task if not the misspelling ? i was dying for him or trace to ask that yes !
 @ mskibbs1 realdonaldtrump the only way we can save america in 2016 will be if you run for president thank you !
 @ peterjsteele realdonaldtrump love to hear your thoughts on idiot alex rodriguez i hope he gets run out of new york he will be !
 @ philip711 realdonaldtrump i think when you go on the  @ sternshow those are the best interviews  howard and i have fun !
south korea must in some form pay for our helpthe us must stop being stupid !
china will extract much from secretary kerry and the in order for them to help us with the north korea problemdon't let this happen !
 @ coolcanuckchick realdonaldtrump i thought china was good with the us ?  only if you want no country left !
did a rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re drugs  wow that would be the end a disaster !
 @ petekobelka realdonaldtrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time better then anything !
what a shame that kobe bryant was so badly injured last night  a truly great champion who brought the lakers back from oblivion this year !
ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from china a one stroke penalty for slow play at the masterssee i can stick up for china
remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup it will pay major dividends for the next week
always remember that as your success grows you will be asked for more favors learn how to say ‘no’ it is critical
“be up front and direct with people and they will return the favor” – think like a billionaire
where is the president ?  it is time for him to come on tv and show strength against the repeated threats from north korea  and others
the only american who has met with the north korean man child is dennis rodman  isn’t that frightening and sad ?
china controls north korea so now besides cyber hacking us all day they are using the norks to taunt us  china is a major threat
don't talk to me about bush i was never a defender or a fan !
i can't believe we are not asking south korea for anything they make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending themhow stupid !
“interested is interesting if you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation” think like a billionaire
mr president it is time to lead on the korean crisis  make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child !
congratulations to  @ ivankatrump and jared on the big  news   i will have yet another grandchild this fall !
opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them  be aggressive and seize them when they come
“go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you” – think big
i feel so badly for mark cubanthe dallas mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed very sad !
 @ yankees kevin youkilis is off to a terrific start he’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free arod
“success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results” – think like a billionaire
the $200m renovations at trump  @ doralresort are right on target  when completed the course will be as good as it gets
sorry losers and haters but i loved the great energy in madison square garden during my speech the wwe thought it was incredible  it was !
why did vince and the wwe give my speech and segment the most time last night on usa network  because that's what people want to see !
 @ cpacdean realdonaldtrump you've raised children that young people can look up too thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind
 @ kennyp1966 realdonaldtrump nice looking family ! of all your accomplishments your family has to be your greatest
what a great group ! 
in today's all new  # trumpvlog i discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the wwe hall of fame 
i just left  @ trumpwinery in charlottesvillevirginia  it is the finest in the country really incredible !
don't negate your own power whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it fear is the opposite of faith
think positively there are always opportunities keep your focus and don't give up !
what do you think so far ?  # celebapprentice
 realdonaldtrump  @ helpuserve when we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country
 @ luwfcrule realdonaldtrump when will apprentice usa be back on uk tv ? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the usa soon
true america is rapidly losing it's spirit and when that's gone we will only be going in one direction  and that direction is down !
when is south korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the north ?
our president must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in north korea at some point we may have to get very toughblatant threats
i am doing on the record with greta van susteren at 10  pm  on fox we will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest !
“the great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure”  laurence j peter
who says the death penalty is not a deterrent ?
tell me which is “cooler”—my induction into the  @ wwe hall of fame or my star on the hollywood walk of fame ?
jobs report is really bad  beyond the worst projectionsa bad day on wall street !
word is spreading that i got a tattoo  no way i am not a fan !
i have gotten to know many spanish speaking people as the owner of trump national  doral in miami they are smart hard working and great
your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself
the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn – anonymous
negotiation :  think about what the other side wants know where they’re coming from don't underestimate them create a win/win situation
look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field
we should look to china where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for scotland !
the haters and losers that assume i was a nonathlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my pastunlike our presidentopen book
i played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in ny stateask coach ted dobiassaid best he ever coached
the basketball coach at rutgers looks bad but i had a coach who made him look like a baby  coaches can be tough !
another freezing day in the spring  what is going on with global warming ?  good move changing the name to climate change  sad !
i ask again how much is very wealthy south korea paying the united states for protecting it against north korea ?
i think it was terrible that tim cook of apple apologized to china what the hell is he apologizing for ? steve jobs wouldn’t
i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the  @ wwe hall of fame
the yuan hit another record high against the dollar china is laughing at our expense
with the impending crisis in korea is it a big confidence builder that chuck hagel is sec of defense ? elections have consequences
be passionate if you love what you're doing success will follow
set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either
arod’s salary is more than the entire  @ astros half the players on  @ astros will have better seasons than him arod is a joke !
are you expanding your business ? interview returning soldiers give them strong consideration their sacrifices deserve it
immigration reform is all risk for the  @ gop their base doesn’t want it and the 12m illegals will all vote democrat
“winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing breathing first winning next”      george steinbrenner
whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win ?  # celebapprentice
what will happen to omarosa tonight ? one of our all time great episodes !
i hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a great easter ! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
so what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight remember i only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons !
have a great easter i love you all !
no i'm saying that the world is paying the price for china's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories ! very sad
major article in new york times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in china and how it is rapidly growng ! rest of world pays
china is the biggest environmental polluter in the world by far they do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity !
we have tremendous economic power over china if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't ! china's economy would collapse without us
what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north korea ?  nothing !
north korea is reliant on china china could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders
current  @ nymag really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate use better paper product  looks like a death march which it is !
have a great good friday and a happy easter
find out who and what is the best in your field identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities learn the standards they follow
achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they're thinking about they have an obligation to best themselves
wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge it's something you can't teach someone elseyou have to achieve it on your own
take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake remain open to new ideas remain fluid not fixed in your expectations
please help  @ autismspeaks with their petition to the white house for a national strategy for the autism epidemic 
 @ nymag  new york magazine sucks  lifeless and dead  one of the most boring out there get it now it won't last long !
thanks for all the nice comments about the  @ lateshow last night i enjoyed it and david enjoyed the ratings  
at the same time go through a worstcase scenario but keep it short  focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem
practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental
once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are  howard hughes
 @ onakoyaa :  if you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude study  @ realdonaldtrump great man !
 @ pdattolo79 realdonaldtrump was amazing on letterman when are you officially going to announce you are running for president in 2016 ?
 @ nnamdos :  if you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude study  @ realdonaldtrump thanks !
going on letterman now  let me know what you think  how did i do ?  here we go !
 to build a wind farm and destroy this view !
to all journalists look into the financial dealings of scottish parliament members with vattenfall…follow the money
general petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life he is a good man and should have a great future
sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it's to prepare us for something bigger
many of  @ tigerwoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis now tiger knows who he can count on
when somebody challenges you fight back  be tough !
when someone can discourage you you probably aren't determined enough be resolute that's what it takes to get things done
the windfarm approval in scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met  will be tied up in courts for years !  # eowdc
 @ tigerwoods has made a truly great comeback  he is number one again ! give him credit comebacks are tough to do way to go tiger
for all of my many jewish friends happy passover
good morning america weather headline for us  never ending cold
obama has now become the weakest potus against china yuan just hit record high against dollar 
“luck does not come around often so when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard think big
it’s springtime and it just started snowing in nyc what is going on with global warming ?
what did you think of my decision ?  # celebapprentice
 @ allysonwardbrkr realdonaldtrump what the world needs is trump for president so the world can start making sense again  thanks !
wow  they are really killing jay leno  let him go out with dignity !
don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you it may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love
looks like the us will be having the coldest march since 1996global warming anyone ? ? ?
watching the madness in cyprus ? if our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here
when i think big which is often you can be sure i’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for
 @ 1fos1 pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture and good luck
make no mistake obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer just a disaster
problem with  @ gop is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message
remember the golden rule of negotiating :  he who has the gold makes the rules
haters stop saying i went bankrupt it is not so i never went bankrupt
 but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage
for the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals
almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool
 it is very effective and a commonly used business tool
  @ omarosa is smart and strategic people should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on  @ apprenticenbc
the nfl has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact  what is happening to the sport ? the beginning of the end
it’s a shame to hear that the  @ dcexaminer is failing no one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free
 @ hardballchris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb !
you can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much  the art of the deal
donald trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the white house tours 
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
 @ rnc report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election short on ideas just giving excuses to donors
one of the most obvious lessons on  @ apprenticenbc is for the candidates to learn to think quickly  think like a champion
americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of obamacare 
i was sorry to decline headlining the reagan dinner last saturday due to a prior business commitment pres reagan was one of the greats
be weak on immigration and ensure democratic victory
who is going to get iraq's oil ? ? ? ?
 @ jackvoices   you are correct but he is so easy !
 @ reederjosh   you are right he is a total joke  his players laugh at him !
 @ owhiting147 realdonaldtrump we know you hate mark cuban but what are your feelings on kevin o'leary ? never heard of him !
 @ thisnbagirl realdonaldtrump you are not as smart as mark cuban no matter what you think keep to what you know lets do an iq test !
 @ lynchzc realdonaldtrump i think the real solution here is you running for president ! give it a shot ! we need it thanks !
scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—i will tie them up in courts for years if necessary
vattenfall ceo stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years a  changing market
i will not be commenting on boardroom specifics would be unfair to the different time zones  # celebapprentice
and happy to welcome  @ arseniohall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great  # celebapprentice
the tournament at trump national doral was much more exciting than what is going on now !
 @ helen39639472 realdonaldtrump i think that you should run for president and be elected to that office good luck in all you do thanks !
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months not two months !
huff post his early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on thursday and packed by end ! the facts
thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today  it's all about the truth !
honest reporters stated that the prayer breakfast was going on during my cpac speech and security was very slow to let people inlong lines !
i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there  it was great fun !
why can't the media tell the truth  we would all be so much better off !
 he knows i don’t respect him
i watched the last two minutes of the  @ dallasmavs game last night i just loved watching them lose
the cpac speech went really well this morning first speaker standing ovation i really enjoyed it
when you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big
in the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will  alexander hamilton
 @ mcuban has less tv persona than  any other person i can think of he’s an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people
congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope francis i to lead the catholic church people that know him love him !
 do i get the credit for this ? thank you !
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why” – midas touch
do your homework wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression
in making any decision you need all the facts but after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut !
 @ annamplf  the art of the deal and think like a champion would be helpful
 @ lukedonald you are so good and so talented that i have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the new blue monster  @ doralresort
 @ cpac news  had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement really an honor can’t wait to see everyone
it’s sad that the wh is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours doesn’t have to be  wh should take my offer
if you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it  think big
the ads made her look great and now she probably will run
be a yardstick of quality some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected  steve jobs
“whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business” – midas touch
hamas has warned pres obama not to visit the temple mount during his trip to israel 
a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new  albert einstein
our economy has had worst recovery under obama since the depression results of his policies speak for themselves no new taxes !
 @ graememcdowell  great playing this weekend you are a true winner we look forward to having you back to trump national doral
the losing team is now back in boardroom i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out
re my hairshould i change it ? what do you think ?
it's true dennis is really into thisvery animated i have never seen him this way before
which team is your favorite ?
on the whole the teams seem to be working well together no warsyet
gary as the cat in the hat ? he can work it out
what do you think of gary's definition of    fun ?
trace delivers check to hospital in nyc :   american red cross must be grateful to trace and his team for their tremendous work
which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment ?
my 757 is incrediblei think the teams agree on that
trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $  looks like a good season for charities
bret had a target on his back from the get go
that was some episode last weekwe've got a great cast !
how much is south korea paying the us for protection against north korea ? nothing !
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change be persistent and alert every single day
resolve to be bigger than your problems who’s the boss ? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith
“you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals think big but be realistic” – think big
“image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product” – midas touch
i don't know why but i feel so sorry for dummy reporter john heilemann when i watch him on television
without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere get your momentum going and keep it going
building a brand is like building a skyscraperthe foundation comes first the bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be
 @ homeedmam i wish him the best of luck
it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013 they are all about what's good for america
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose
the formula of knowledge :  the best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry
rememberthe worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal
heading to trump national doral to check the progress prior to the start of the cadillac championship on thursday i’ll be there all week
despite previous tweet dennis rodman would do a better job than the current cont 
for those of you defending bret and saying omarosa should go remember bret chose o which could also be considered a big mistake !
“if you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure” – think big
brande was also smart in not bringing omarosa to the boardroom
brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132000 a really large sum bret on the other hand raised very little
i will be doing fox and friends at 7 am this morning
so what did you think of my decision ? what would you have done ?  # celebapprentice
don't worry west coast etc we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs  # celebapprentice
i always believed  @ bretmichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor i disagree with him but 
how does this cast look to you ? pretty amazing  # celebapprentice
losers and haterseven yod.c.ow and dumb as you are can learn from watching apprentice and checking out my tweetsyou can still succeed !
losers and haters are invited to watch celebrity apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn
 @ allenwronowski allen and gail  you will like it  see you both soon !
everybody wants to see and talk to dennis rodman  he will be on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9
really bad article about me in the dying or dead esquire magazine totally false  lots of hatred when will this boring magazine close ?
 @ jonreidhotchner realdonaldtrump i wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' us of a any chance of that ? yes !
is chris jackson as dumb as i hear  but i still like that he follows me like a good little soldier !
 @ legsidelizzy :  i do wish people would stop rting piers morgan a life without piers in it is a much better life  wrong !
everyone should cancel hbo until they fire low life dummy bill maher !  get going now and feel good about yourself !
if  people knew how hard i worked to get my mastery it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all michelangelo
“stay confident even when something bad happens it is just a bump in the road it will pass” – think big
only the obama wh can get away with attacking bob woodward
continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver unless you’re  @ karlrove then you just blame the tea party
pay attention to details if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing you're setting yourself up for some big surprises
i am happy that the job on cbs the 16th knockoff of the apprentice was just cancelled i love to see my opponents lose not nice !
 @ ravdaddy realdonaldtrump who should they looking at ? i would tell @  cnn if they were smart enough to ask !
it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn  they are looking at the wrong people !
erin burnett who has no ratings on cnn in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot  @ cnn should say no way
 @ jimmiejscott realdonaldtrump did you ever think  # theapprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long ? no but who ever knows
thank you  so nice
do  not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a  trailralph  waldo emerson
are you a democrat running in a race you should lose ? get  @ karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win
over the years i've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together
one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers if you can make it now you deserve it !
be sure to watch “the history of wrestlemania” on  @ netflix my interview explains how i supported the event early on i'm proud of it
 @ clstromgren many people have said that
the government will spend over $38t this year the sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2 where’s the problem ?
 @ mrsafetyman110 realdonaldtrump where do you find the time ? and energy ? any special diet  just have no choice but to move forward
what is wrong with the  @ gop ? now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to obama 
is everything ok over there  @ salon ? i actually got some good press from them today
the pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out it hurts him it hurts the church
and says something is seriously wrong he will never go down as great !
was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when i left the set of  @ latenightjimmy
…guy in front asked for picture said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back
go confidently in the direction of your dreams live the life you have  imagined henry  david thoreau
you have to feel bad for the democrat senators  they don’t want hagel either  just following obama’s orders
 @ gjelajg  be passionate about your work focus and never give up
i will be on  @ latenightjimmy tonight  always have a good time with  @ jimmyfallon  now we know he will get high ratings tonight
one of the reasons i assume i was inducted into the  @ wwe hall of fame is that vince mcmahon and i have the all time highest ratings
it is a great honor for me to be inducted into the  @ wwe hall of fame this will take place on april 6
thanks go angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at macy's
you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance success !
 i wonder if angelo has a job or is on assistance in any event i'm sure he is a nice guy !
when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group
 also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing a second job maybe
now i know that yahoo is in good hands it took great courage for  @ marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home
lord grant that i may always desire more than i can accomplish  michelangelo
set your sights and aim high you never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it  midas touch
the united states better address china's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late ! china is laughing at us
shark tank is a dead friday night filler compared to the apprentice which has been number one show for week in the t v ratings !
obama is finally stopping the chinese from buying something in america – windfarms 
obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans and they never answer back why aren’t they fighting ?
 @ marissamayer is right to expect yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs working at home she is doing a great job !
an individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me
so far he has been a complete failure at doing so he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career
the media is so in the tank for obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them !
speaker john boehner who i like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the republicans got absolutely nothing for it !
almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool
last night william shatner had more airtime than any winner it should have been called the william shatner show
overall the academy awards were very average at best
i'll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven
i've had enough of this  good night !
the oscar broadcast is really boring  where is the glamour and beauty ?
lincoln never sounded like that !
django unchained is the most racist movie i have ever seen it sucked !
you are rightmore like the opening of the tonys
i don't like the opening even a little bit !
how do you like seth and oscars so far ?
here we go with the oscars !
by popular demand i will be tweeting on the very tainted academy awards tonight !
i'm saying that the tea party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment and will be a major factor in victory !
big response to my tea party statementremember they were never fully energized by romney campaign and will have far more power with time
republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party !
i will be on @ gretawire tonight at 10  pm  now i know she will get great ratings !
“in every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten
for the republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan
  doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now
fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world  ralph waldo emerson
drew peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife  bring back the death penalty !
 it is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative” – think big
china is not our friend they are not our ally they want to overtake us and if we don’t get smart and tough soon they will
twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts
my twitter has been seriously hacked and we are looking for the perpetrators
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away
john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration they really went after him !
wow macy's numbers just intrump is doing better than ever  thanks for your great support !
the job on cbs the 15th copy of the apprentice was just cancelled  i love it !
a  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities
and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties  harry s truman
despite all the statements to the contrary obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone 
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it   douglas macarthur
the oscar pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone !
while i fully agree it is not politically correct !  
 @ taylorsangordie focus on your goals work hard and never give up good luck !
the many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful !
 @ diegoarria  i hear you are doing great ! take care of yourself
i love the lakers and when you love the lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly  dr jerry buss
great to see  @ yankees captain derek jeter back on the field  he will have another great season and make nyc proud again
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions use your instinctsyou alone know where you want to go
jerry buss was a great guy and friend he will be missed !
i am surprised that hugo chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition !
great going
if i’m the third most envied man in america the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas
“if the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter”  george washington
chuck hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days  a lot can happen
people have been asking to hear my howard stern interview—you can access it on  @ howardtv
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be thereand in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either
 @ brandonarantes  that's right hard work it is but worth it
remember if you don't promote yourself then no one else will ! likewise believe in yourselfor no one else will either
success is good success with significance is even better work on what you will be proud to be associated withmake your work count
“do not give in to anger it destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration” – think big
if you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it
thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews  much appreciated
no surprise with the talk of amnesty in dc illegal immigration is picking up in arizona 
not only did egypt destroy its civil society w/ the muslim brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess 
the tea party is filled with great americans  despite being mistreated by everyone including  @ gop they will continue to fight on
if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of “monopoly”
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth
paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests
it is important to think positively negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful
what is the standard for which you want to be known ? identify that standard and follow it
you've got something unique to offerfind out what it is ask yourself :  what can i provide that does not yet exist ? innovation can follow
be focused be disciplined be patientthere are very few cases of instant gratification
whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself “am i thinking big ?”
next time marco rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact
gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn
when will people realize that  @ billmaher is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past
every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success
i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy  @ billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it
to all young college graduates – stick in there keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities they are out there
have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind
how can any senator vote for hagel as sec of defense after that horrific hearing ? he is not up for the job but will probably get it
sad our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of spain 
what do you think of my suing  @ billmaher for $5m for charity ? he made an offer i accepted
can you imagine if  @ billmaher said about obama what he said about me orangutan etc—the press would run him out of the country
 but  @ billmaher is allowed to say that about me
 a great person inspires others to see for themselves – harvey mackay
trump :  i love the tea party they love me 
how does  @ hbo employ  @ billmaher with a pathetic show that he does what kind of a special is that ? complete garbage !
 @ ferretti911 keep your focus and never give up
no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life  samuel goldwyn
being an entrepreneur is not a group effort you have to trust yourself and your instincts
see the ashley judd ad by  @ karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love obama
the dollar always talks in the endalthough our pols are killing the dollar !
 @ yesterdaybyurs take the time to make it great
negotiation is persuasion more than power be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from
karl rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst i have ever seen
karl rove is a total loser money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain
why are people giving money to karl rove when he just wasted $400m without any victories ? use your head
obama can kill americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in america !
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that i work quickly and that they will be treated fairly
just as i predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of obamacare over $300b 
keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
the best deals are good for everyone which creates a winwin situation negotiation is persuasion more than power
“you should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services i do it all the time” – think like a billionaire
re :  immigration do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100 of 11 million votes no matter what they do ?
had a great time on the  @ howardstern show this morning—he will and should never change !
“money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep scorethe  excitement is playing the game”–the art of the deal
a top firm like cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win
then ask :  what am i pretending not to see ? these two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers
to entrepreneurs :  watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success
i am a cautious optimist call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
“i also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock” – the art of the deal
 @ marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently he has a fantastic radio show that i always enjoy !
i don’t know whether i will win or lose the  @ billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity
the country is being run just like the stadium
the lights went out in new orleansthe country's lights went out also we are not the same place !
ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit
the upcoming allstar  @ celebapprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given  we really pushed the envelope
“be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm”  abraham lincoln
hagel's performance yesterday was the worst i have ever seen before a committee of any kind !
little  @ macmiller i want the money not the plaque you gave me !
“let other people talk  any business conversation should be twosided” – think like a billionaire
the real estate market in vietnam is booming  growth is everywhere in the world except for the us
everyone is asking if and when i will endorse a candidate in the nyc mayoral race  doing my due diligence…
wellmaintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate  the art of the deal
impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools  napoleon bonaparte
go with your gut take chances if you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes
oh the wonders of the arab spring our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood just called the holocaust a myth 
“remember people’s names and small details about them use both in conversation
 people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud” – think like a billionaire
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right” – think big
randy moss should not be bragging about himself—i’m the only one who is allowed to do that !
“sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war the art of the deal
just as i predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to obama care 
still waiting to hear from  @ billmaher every day he dodges me is one less day that $5m is being used for charity
 @ tigerwoods is playing like his old self in the farmers insurance open  he will have a great year
arod should do the yankees a favor and never play again
spain's government is closing down wind turbines the maintenance is higher than the income
“always remember :  dress for the job you want not the job you have” – think like a billionaire
“face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be”   @ jackwelch
lots of people are asking whether or not i should have run for president—stay tuned for the answer
us small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes 
the iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program 
the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal  must be all that global warming
“one of the keys to thinking big is total focus” – the art of the deal
it all comes down to one simple question :  how much money can you stand to lose ? that’s how much risk you should assume
the republicans better be careful  obama is out to destroy them !
the real estate market is slowly improving  still a great time to buy  you will thank me in 5 years
terrible for the economy and a job killer china is laughing at us !
wind farms are now being paid to shut down 
 @ securitylecture  that is not the reason
you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life”  think big
i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil
please tell me what is going on with the republicans ?
stamps are going up once again now the us postal service will lose even more money
the new york times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home
 in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location !
“pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems    think big
has pres obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet ?  where’s the media ?
the tea party delivered the house for  @ gop so they could be fiscally responsible instead they have been irresponsible !
one positive from last week for lance was that everyone was focused on manti te'o !  why did lance do that interview ?
republicans are always worried about their general approval with proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base
the worst negotiators in history otherwise known as republicans have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months pathetic !
 @ anthonynotweet  make sure you are doing what you love to do you need passion to keep you going
you must promise that you will never cheat off manti te’o’s test papers
part of obama’s newfound confidence is that the republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively
obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know itwow he really feels emboldened
if the republicans need a chief negotiator i am always availableor can recommend some really good ones !
“pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents
obama’s second term is going to very tough for the republicans  the republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart
whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres  @ barackobama  does a great job for the country
i wish president  @ barackobama the best of luck in his second term
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again !
most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning    the art of the deal
take action every day and stay focused for the long haul”  think big
new york should frack thousands of jobs and millions in revenue ny would be a truly rich state
i still say te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the heisman vote—thankfully he did not win
 @ oprah was great amazing that she got lance armstrong to totally destroy his life why did he ever do that interview ?
all time hit leader pete rose should now be in the baseball hall of fame he has paid his penalty !
the interview with oprah will cause lance armstrong huge legal and financial problems sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide
 @ billmaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep better than sominex
 @ billmaher needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford
dumbass  @ billmaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity we just presented him with a demand notice
brent musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking he is much more popular now than before
imo manti te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the heisman trophy
can it just be new age that manti te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax ?
not believable that manti te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met she then died he is either very stupid
look i have always liked lance armstrong i just hated what he did to himself including recently his life will now be hell
lance armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to oprah i’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again
if everybody sued the journal  news  for revealing their info guns paper would go out of business
 @ billmaher has not respondednot a word his lawyers must have told him to shut up !
glad to hear derek jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for  @ yankees  derek is a true champion
our country under president obama is on life support ! great leaders must bring people together
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long !
does anyone really believe that chuck hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports israel ?
 to opec countries that hate our guts  it’s stupid policy” time to get tough
 is a third party coming ? i hope not
the word is that lance armstrong will now implicate officials and others  but who knows if he’s telling the truth
“hard work is my personal method for financial success  you can do it too”  think big
we were led to believe that jeep would manufacture in us and sell to china—like china does to us
lance armstrong is having a breakdown what is he doing—his life is now officially over !
“you can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people don’t know about it it’s not worth much”  the art of the deal
can you believe that the afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home rebuild the us make america great again
“a savvy investor is a sponge for information you have to read the  news papers
i agree with pres obama on afghanistan  we should have a speedy withdrawal  why should we keep wasting our money  rebuild the us !
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes  you get what you vote for !
there’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation  time to get tough
just as i predicted today obama called for even more tax increases  the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards
remember as a senator obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling 
can you imagine if obama had to give today's press conference before the election ? he would have lost   @ gop really blew it
according to many and while nominated i would have won the emmy many times except for my politics  @ primetimeemmys
lance armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying ? just go away lance
by the way folks  @ billmaher is not a smart guy just look at his past—he just pretends he is !
the republicans have been played into a trap by the presidentthey forgot the 14th amendment
and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast
“i believe in spending what you have to  but i also believe in not spending more than you should”  the art of the deal
our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood have close relations with iran 
let’s get out of afghanistan our troops are being killed by the afghanis we train and we waste billions there nonsense !  rebuild the usa
the republicans are always worried about the pressthey should just do what is right
 @ daveyd147  find work that you love you have to have passion that provides motivation
i promoted the hell out of trump tower but i also had a great product  the art of the deal
scary president obama told boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  
good investors are good students it's as simple as that  think like a billionaire
if you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it  think big
i hope  @ billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer which i fully accepted or i will be forced to sue him all goes to charity !
money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains  think like a billionaire
experience is the teacher of all things   julius caesar
all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do find a passion that energizes you  think big
this is how it starts obama is now threatening to use an executive order for gun control 
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them it becomes a national incident
apparently  @ martinbashir said something about me on his show yesterday  i was surprised to find out he is on tv  who knew ? !
i hope  @ billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities
 @ nicolewalker20 i have and i do
“in this game knowledge is the key to power”  think big
the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice the biggest yet !
we are going to ask katherine webb to be a judge at the miss usa pageant coming up in las vegas
what a great couple katherine webb and aj mccarron they are both winners !
miss alabama katherine webb has been a truly great representative of the ms usa organization we are proud of her !
“success breeds success  the best way to impress people is through results” – think like a billionaire
why would obama ever nominate someone for sec of defense who opposes sanctions against iran when obama claims to support them ?
“what you dream about is what you will do if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life” think big
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it”  the art of the deal
trade with china has killed over 29 of us manufacturing jobs in the us 
glad to hear my  @ foxandfriends’ monday interview continues to get big ratings  great way to start your week
“when you have confidence you can have a lot of fun and when you have fun you can do amazing things”   @ realjoenamath
nominating chuck hagel for sod is the wrong move for obama  he doesn’t need the fight  too much political capital will be wasted
i hope the republicans are happy  just as i predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted obama’s appetite for more taxes
 @ arsenioofficial  thx for the good wishesyou are going to have a really big year !
take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever all star  @ celebapprentice 
never never never give up  winston churchill
the 13th season of all star  @ celebapprentice is unique  we really pushed the envelope here  our great and loyal fans will love it
to all young entrepreneurs entering the business world  stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend  important for your mind and will help you be productive next week
i aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after  the art of the deal
wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day  think big
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing
 @ ahm1038  they just acted but it was obama that promised !
 @ alancravey  that is something to think about isn't it !
republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal !
the republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing ?
“in the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish  the art of the deal
 @ fleur498  the art of the deal is a good start
i can't believe republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made they are rapidly giving up all of their cards
“if you strike out nobody is going to help younot your friends not the government you have to look to look out for yourself”think big
make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measureobama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation
rememberi told you so
medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving 
“if we get tough and make the hard choices we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again” – time to get tough
“i always follow my own instincts but i am not going to kid you :  it’s also nice to get good reviews”  the art of the deal
does any republican have the ability to negotiate ?
this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans !
maybe boehner will stop this one sided deal in the housei hope so !
i am a republicanbut the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history !
obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just madethe republicans got nothing !
“you have to set higher and higher goals  you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast” – think big
raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do  so they will probably do it
 @ phillykayman the art of the deal is a good start
i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world  i can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t   # midastouch
obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year
any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back
the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling  they can get everything they want  focus !
sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of general norman schwarzkopf  he was a terrific general and leaderwe could use more like him
 @ ptlyons thank you wishing you and yours a happy new year too
“to be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems” – think big
it’s thursday  how much time did washington waste today trying to find a solution on the socalled fiscal cliff ?
i hate hearing after all of the hard work that  @ mittromney never wanted to become president
when renovations are completed trump national doral will be the finest resort in the us
watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful  republicans are in a much stronger position than they think
“i’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before i make a decision it’s a natural reflex” – the art of the deal
from my family to yoursi want to wish you all a very merry christmas !
there is no better place in the world to spend christmas than maralago 
work hard play hard and live to the hilt  think like a billionaire
i find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest  dalai lama
you get what you vote for  us credit rating is about to be downgraded once again 
when i bought the  # missuniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support
congratulations to all the trump 2012  # missuniverse contestants who came from across the world you did great and made us all proud !
 @ ellavdw  you have to love what you doyou need passion to succeed
the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life
 so if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road  think big
if sheena monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have i would have treated her very nicely
tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the miss universe pageant
this is a buyers’ market  buy now  you will thank me in 3 years
they asked me to dress as santa claus to open miss universe tonight—i’m thinking about it !
“i also protect myself by being flexible  i never get too attached to one deal or one approach” – the art of the deal
many people advised me not to buy the miss universe pageant  they were all wrong the deal worked out to be a great one !
the tragedy in newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile must appreciate every minute !
in light of newtown our country has to pull together
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking # angels
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in  # newtown connecticut
in moments like thiswe are all just americans i join with the president religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today
a horrible day for newtown ct and our country yesterday my condolences to all of the families so tragically affected
windmills are destroying every country they touch and the energy is unreliable and terrible 
a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have  abraham lincoln
we can’t even stop the norks from blasting a missile  china is laughing at us  it is really sad
“there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy  you have to love what you do”  think big
egypt is a total mess we should have backed mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog
i have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures  they always thank me after they succeed  # midastouch
you get what you vote for  21 of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 
can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election ?
for those of you in trouble—in these troubled times—never ever give up !
re real estate :  you don’t necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal…
re life :   life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that if anything success makes it more fragile
“the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life  so if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps”–think big
great – we are sending even more f16’s to the muslim brotherhood in egypt 
the republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal !
“fans like winners they come to watch stars – great exciting players who do great exciting things”  the art of the deal
mogul donald trump has many powerful friends and it turns out one of them is anna wintour” 
negotiation tip    i always go into the deal anticipating the worst
if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself
negotiation tip    the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it
china is buying so many of our companies it’s really getting bad
 @ golfmonthly re :  my scottish course “quite simply this is not the best new links course in the uk it is the best links course full stop
being true to yourself equals being true to your brand that's the solid foundation that stands the test of time  midas touch
if you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment  think big
i believe in spending what you have to  but i also believe in not spending more than you shouldthe art of the deal
if the republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of  @ karlrove  he is useless
the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned it is wrong  my offer still stands to buy the property  good deal for everyone
“you can’t con people at least not for long  if you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on”  the art of the deal
great win by the  @ nyjets yesterday  if they run the table they will make the playoffs
the government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends 
the chinese are smart  they bought up over $7b in us housing last year 
china is about to acquire a unit of aig which we bailed out for $55b 
 @ lordsugar  if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have
people ask me what i do in my free time the answeri don't have any
this is such a special time to be in new york city  no better city in the world to celebrate christmas !
many people still out of power in staten island  absolutely ridiculous  why can't they get service ?
to tom brady  @ patriots and giselebest wishes on the birth of your daughter tom is a great player and great friend
 @ lordsugarbut you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser
a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him douglas macarthur
instead of biting the hand that feeds you ! don’t bother just keep making me money !
we are way over the fiscal cliff  and with obama care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late
alex rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons he will miss half of next season  really bad deal for  @ yankees
when i made the apprentice the  # 1 show in the us that was a good day for you
 and many others drop to your knees sugar and say thank you mr trump
sugar lordsugarkeep working hard so i make plenty of $ with your show
you have little persona but the apprentice concept is great and lucky for you !
sugar lordsugar—unlike you i own the apprentice you were never successful enough
 to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway without my show you’d be nothing !
 @ lordsugar  if you think ugly windmills are good for scotland you are an even worse businessman than i thought
 and in my opinion should not be doing the apprentice
 and opened a full month ahead of schedule  case is taught in wharton
my support of anna wintour for ambassador got a lot of coverage  she is smart and will be a strong advocate for the us
karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement they are dropping us like dopes get out now and rebuild us !
is  pm  cameron a dummy ? with monumental cuts in uk spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds 
republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way !
dave brubeck was great and will be missed !
“i like thinking big  to me it’s very simple :  if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big” – the art of the deal
 @ danabrams dan of course stories on me do well  glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on  tv was not your forte
if you are planning to visit the world famous trump tower atrium be sure to come early  during the holiday season it is packed by 10am
the addition of the iconic doral resort to the trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions 
 @ arsenioofficial will do great in his new talk show on cbs he’s really got what it takes !
the networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of apprentice have been loyal  to nbc
the democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff  they will raise taxes and blame it on the republicans
michael forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought 
the daily snooze publishes lies about me they should be ashamed but it will die very soon
 time for the republicans to find someone new—and better
gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record 
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways
 @ nbcnightly news  brian williams anyone ? says women warriors are every bit as tough as the guys just think about that statement !
as i said on  @ foxandfriends this am you have to give obama credit—he won ! 
 the republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days
 the ny daily snooze totally lied and never even called my kids !
i’m surprised that gabriel aubry has settled so quickly and easily with halle—in the long run it was a wise decision
in calling my tweets ‘obnoxious’  @ aol says “i sure know how to keep them wanting more”  they are welcome  i just tell it like it is
france is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day
“he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious”  sun tzu
while derek jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that arod is partying all over the country go derek  @ yankees
crude is about to pass $90/barrel  the opec monopoly must be broken  they are robbing our country blind
it’s thursday  how much did opec steal from all of us today ?
 where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids eric has a great heart !
it’s often necessary to boast but it’s even better if others do it for you” – think like a billionaire
one of the keys to thinking big is total focus” – the art of the deal
i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs  they are hungry motivated and eager to learn  proves america can still be great
you can’t know it all yourselfanyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity”  the way to the top
why do the republicans always negotiate against themselves in public ?  watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful
i just left the doral in miamiit is going to be amazing !
“face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be”   @ jackwelch
you can benefit from others’ wisdom not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer”  the way to the top
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day no one should care about your money and success more than you do”  think big
it’s more important to be smart than tough i know businessmen who are brutally tough but they’re not smart” – think like a billionaire
 @ fromjoachim2you  congratulations and all the best to you
are you ready for the all star  @ celebapprentice traceadkins is back in the upcoming seasonwhich is the best yet !
the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have” – the art of the deal
it's called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about
the muslim brotherhood dictator in egypt is bad  news   he will never be our true ally !
want to know why china is growing ?  they can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days 
with the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property
and borrow cheap !  you will thank me someday
when you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you and they try hitting from every angle ! never let the bastards get you down
you have to set higher and higher goals you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast  think big
take a chance ! all life is a chance the man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare   dale carnegie
a president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him
 i never felt that i could let up for a moment  harry s truman
democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely
think of yourself like a oneman army  you're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well – think like a billionaire
if taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere
most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others  the way to the top
if you treat people right they will treat you rightninety percent of the time  franklin d roosevelt
hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving but get ready our country is in big trouble !
my kids never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or anyoneit's not in their nature !
the dishonest ny daily  news  reporter advised my rep in writing story is dead and then put it out anyway a total lie and she knew it !
the dying ny daily  news  put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize obamatotally false !
happy thanksgiving to everyonei love you all even my many enemies sometimes !
“i also protect myself by being flexible  i never get too attached to one deal or one approach” – the art of the deal
it does not cost anything to dream  spend your time enjoying your big dreams  think big
i hope washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff  both sides need to work together
 @ trumpsoho has just been awarded the aaa five diamond award congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work
a pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities
and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties  harry s truman
the holiday season in new york city is a very special time i love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the  # trump tower atrium
expect the country to be further downgraded in the future the rich are all leaving !
the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself  douglas macarthur
i was nice to loser  @ rosie and she attacked meit just shows never let up with a bully they only fade when you hit them hard !
i am going to give  @ rosie a pass   @ rosie is desperate to get back on tv so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled
a must read for any country or community considering wind turbines 
the eu just dropped their selfimposed carbon tax  i bet they wish they had all that money back !
“even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate” think like a billionaire
what you dream about is what you do if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything bigthink big
the  @ erictrumpfdn is doing amazing work helping the children
i gave out the male athlete of the year award last night to my friend  @ michaelphelps—22 olympic medals—a record that will never be broken
 it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation
washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff  if taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts
don't go around saying the world owes you a living the world owes you nothing it was here first   mark twain
remember victims of hurricane sandy  during thanksgiving many will not be celebrating the holiday in comforttheir lives are in turmoil !
reports are out there that many ceos of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little
 do your research before donating this holiday season !
while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar she should be ashamed !
the hostess closing did not have to happenshould have been an easy deal to make
does anyone really believe that president obama found out about petraeus immediately after the election ?
everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for prsorry but i must it's my nature
 @ chelseahandlerstop calling my office for me to do your rather gross showi have less interest in you than andre
it makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back  much better than seeing a psychiatrist which i never have !
the maralago club in palm beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charitya great feeling !
now china is trying to take over a us airbase 
“much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation” – the art of the deal
fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the president and congresswashington must come together and make a deal
i have an open door policy for my employees i'm accessible because i like to know what's going on  the midas touch
president obama we need to protect our closest ally israel the situation in the middle east is at a tipping point
don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt – think like a billionaire
our country is being torn apart from the insideit's getting nasty out there
 @ wendywilliams thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids very much appreciated
i never did give anybody hell i just told the truth and they thought it was hellharry s truman
had a great time going over renovations for trump national doral this past weekend it is going to be amazing 
to aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you then you aren’t doing welland must work harder !
gen petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi i will be watching
you can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much  the art of the deal
first of all you don't necessarily need the best location  what you need is the best deal  the art of the deal
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them
 @ cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career !
after friday’s twilight release i hope robert pattinson will not be seen in public with kristenshe will cheat on him again !
how come every time i show anger disgust or impatience enemies say i had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people ?
businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to obama care  reality is setting in
yesterday was veterans day  i hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored  this nation loves and respects all of you
when someone attacks me i always attack backexcept 100x more this has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life !
i am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects whenever i tweet some call it a tiradetotally dishonest !
trump international golf links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world virtually all reviews are saying the same thing 
many political pundits are using the term art of the deal they should thank me that is my term and book title
never ever quit never give up  donald j trump the art of the deal
i love twitter it's like owning your own  news paper without the losses
i'm a skeptical guy but i don't believe petraeus used this to get out of the benghazi hearings
wow  i never saw the petraeus thing coming a straight laced guy ! very sad for him and his family
it’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in nyc opec is laughing all the way to the bank
 @ antbaxter—heard your documentary cost you less than $3000 to make—where did you get that kind of money ?
 @ antbaxter—your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage !
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all i just disagree with his policies !
i got to know  @ johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country !
i received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in trump tower during sandy it was my pleasure to help
robert pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of twilight he took my advice on kristen stewarti hope !
the election was a major setback for economy all young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate obama's policies into their investments
remember to watch the series finale of the men who built america this sunday at 8/7c on  @ history
polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for obama on his win isn't that ridiculous ?
remember to watch the series finale of the men who built america this sunday at 8/7c on  @ history
china's communist party has now publicly praised obama's reelection  they have never had it so good  will own america soon
at the end of the day obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes this was a winnable race  gop needs to do better !
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can  can get a great deal
no surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating obama's win  they love a weak america that they can rip off
i started to get very worried about mitt's chances when i heard that arod donated to his campaign everything arod touches turns bad
it is that time of the year  the trump wollman skating rink is open to the public in central park  the greatest ice rink in the country
“a man always has two reasons for doing anything :  a good reason and the real reason”  j p morgan
it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle  we will fight on !
beijing had a bigger celebration than chicago last night  the chinese are happier with the election than we are
amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements but media doesn't care about 
we have to make america great again !
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together !
another four yearsnot good for the country but we'll have to live with it !
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew itreasons why to follow
brian if i'm well past the last exit to relevance how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night ?  @ nbcnightly news 
brian williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such people will learn the truth !  @ nbcnightly news 
the voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error !
the only thing more boring than  @ bwilliams  news cast is his show rock center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster !
 @ bwilliams knows that i think his  news cast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night
hopefully the house of representatives can hold our country together for four more yearsstay strong and never give up !
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy
our country is now in serious and unprecedented  troublelike never before
this election is a total sham and a travesty we are not a democracy !
lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice ! the world is laughing at us
we can't let this happen we should march on washington and stop this travesty our nation is totally divided !
well back to the drawing board !
truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light george washington
whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling our work is not done until america is strong again
 @ mrbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talentwhy did they ever put him on law and order ?
do we still want a president who bows to the saudis and lets opec rip us off ? make america strong vote for  @ mittromney
the federal gov has handled sandy worse than katrina there is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet
the federal gov has handled sandy worse than katrina  there is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public he can't
if you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from obama supporters make sure you report it immediately
now chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market 
make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote if you have any problems notify the poll workers
more reports of voting machines switching romney votes to obama pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen
in the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years
the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make us manufacturing noncompetitive
me voting it really is my hair ! 
if you voted for obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid thanks walter d !
why is obama playing basketball today ? that is why our country is in trouble !
i was invited to be with mitt romney tonight  win lose or draw i’ll be there !
go out and vote this will be the most important election of our time !
benghazi is bigger than watergate  don’t let obama get away with allowing americans to die  kick him out of office tomorrow
the outer boroughs of manhattan are still devasted by sandy how would the press cover this if a republican was president
china is worried the polls are trending for  @ mittromney they won’t be able to steal from us anymore
 @ abfalecbaldwin  they were rising in the 1950's then went back downthey will go up and down through eternity
obama just stated it's always good to ignore donald trump i state he is right especially when the truth is against him
 @ mcuban baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team but i don’t think you have the money anyway
obama is angry frustrated and desperate  he said “voting is the best revenge” 
only 1 mill dollars  @ mcuban ? offer me real money and i’d consider it your team and networks lose so much money i doubt you have much left !
dummy  @ mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself !
get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words 
 @ cnn is looking at jeff zucker to lead them out of the forestjeff would be a great choice
remember go votewe need real change this time
 @ tricketttweeter  no his facts are very bad for him
this is a time for big ideas this is a time for real reform for a real recovery   @ paulryanvp
remember when you vote obamacare is a disaster !
make sure you get out and votemost important election of our generationgo romney !
gary johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him make it count  vote for  @ mittromney
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states obama will steal it make sure all your friends and family vote
undecideds in ohpa and wi will make the difference all should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under obama
in the heart of the city trump international toronto is the city's most elite property 
concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding 
could be the hurricane helps  @ mittromneypeople are rioting in the streets over gasoline
a wonderful place 
global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 
 @ eagles should sit michael vick he is a great athlete but less than average quarterback
we don't need a secretary of business to understand business we need a president who understands business and i do   @ mittromney
unemployment is now 79  four years and $65t later that is really bad !
how about president obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction
people are struggling to get gasoline for their carswe are like a third world country
 @ barbarajwalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with hersadly i won't be able to do it
it was announced this morning that unemployment rosethis can't be good for obama
next year i will be changing the name of 800 acre doral to trump national doral it will be the best resort in the country—miami is hot !
how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi ?  and he continues to lie to the public !
what is your thought as to why obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications ?
nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy  how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi ?
everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications  they are just not willing to say !
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused
i will soon be releasing my response to the fact that president obama refused to show his applications and records to the public
to all  @ mittromney supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day
you know the world is crazy when new york gets hit by a hurricane and florida doesn't
the successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way  dale carnegie
obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a presidentgive me a break
a lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5m will be donated to  the onus is on obama to first release his records
president obama if it is important to you i will substantially increase the $5m offer !
president obama please take the $5m check for charity tomorrow it is so easy and could do so much good !
a lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with obama’s lack of transparency i don't blame them
there is nothing i would be happier to do than to donate the $5m to a charity of obama’s choice once he releases all of his records
today barack obama is standing in water in nj remember on election day that he has put the us underwater
how many illegal foreign donations will obama collect this final week ? another scandal ignored by the liberal media 
congratulations kevin gabriel on your amazing article if i were a journalist this would be the next watergate and i would be a star
watch the clip from  @ lateshow where the crowd cheers after i explain that my offer is about transparency 
i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go
the president has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5m for his favorite charity looking like he won't be doing it what is he hiding ?
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm ?
people are happy that i left the trump tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out 
why does obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition ? hiding something ?
let’s be honest if obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in ohio on monday
how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 912 the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi ?
i never fall for scams  i am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘ali g’ interview
another great cause obama could send my $5m donation to is a charity for 9/11 first responders they are american heroes
so many incredible friends said thanks for tt help  i say thanks to you ! 
people having a great time in the trump tower atrium    unlike others i stayed open 
i am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap i would have been lambasted from coast to coast
not only giving out money but obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real president  don't fall for it
hurricane is good luck for obama again he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars
i saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm
the water damage to nyc is amazing the winds were bad but the water was worse
we are taking care of hundreds of people in the trump tower atriumthey are seeking refuge free coffee and food
so far the hurricane is being handled very well in ny not nearly as bad as stated on  news  let's see what happens later
many people walked out on madonna's concert when she told them to vote for obama years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible !
i always said obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country the storm could be very good for him as he cont 
obama lied 100 about libya and the killingsemails are absolute he must release his records on wednesday and stop the lies
dave letterman  @ lateshow said during my interview that obama was probably born in the usthe word probably is a disaster for obama
i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go
what people don't know about  @ billmaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early cont 
while  @ bettemidler is an extremely unattractive woman i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct
 @ bettemidler talks about my hair but i'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body  so i won't is this a double standard ?
many people are saying that my challenge to obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers  i agree
a lot changed when david letterman said  he was probably born in this country the word probably is a total disaster for obama
 @ johnsunund.c.aking major heat for calling the president lazy but the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy fight on john !
alertthe president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in benghazi he did nothinghe is no leader
 @ donnydeutsch tries so hard to be a star but he just doesn't have what it takesand he never will
i put  @ donnydeutsch on apprentice at his request i did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my obama announcement
i want to end the day by saying there is no check i would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our president
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone
if obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say ?
if my offer is refused every undecided oh voter will be fully aware that obama denied $5m to charity all because he is hiding something !
barack obama has everything to gain why would anyone ever deny $5m to charity ?
i have decided to add a caveat to my offer obama can't decide to send my $5m to rev wright if he releases his records
my fellow tea party friends in ohiomake sure you take advantage of early voting so you can gotv election day know you can ! must win ohio
pretty audacious for obama to call  @ mittromney a bser when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write
obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester the middle east is a mess yet colin powell still endorses him wonder why ?
be careful of an obama bomb to win election ! would be a horrible thing to do
watch me explain on the  @ lateshow how my charitable offer to obama changes the election and is about transparency 
 @ mikempef thanks i hope you enjoyed it had a great time
i knew last year that  @ time magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their top 100
 i will soon start naming magazines that i think will foldi predicted  news week
the letterman show really turned things around people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity 
 @ erizzle05  only because he has something to hide
based on the ovation last night from the letterman  @ lateshow audience i believe it will be hard for obama to throw $5m down the drain
instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause
another great charity that the $5m could go to just a recommendation to the pres  the wounded warriors represented so well by  @ traceadkins
lots of response that obama should give the $5m to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in benghazi
letterman  @ lateshow was great last night i had a lot of fun you could see his audience really wanted obama to take the $ for charity
the dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants the america we deserve
it is really a shame that barack obama may stop $5m from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent
six days and counting until my offer to barack obama expires
for someone who demanded 20 years of mitt's tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5m to charity for his records is an easy go
china is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports 
i hope derek jeter’s recovery is going well  he is a very special player and a great guy  new york loves him  @ yankees
what will be the response on wednesday ? if obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity
 @ michellemalkin i fully supported mccain but when he lost hoped obama would be great for us  he wasn't
i am offering the chance for barack obama to redistribute $5m to any charity of his choice  everyone wins  take the deal
 @ barbarajwalters  @ theviewtvwhy did you choose me as one of the 10 most fascinating people of the year last season and more than once ?
 @ barbarajwalters  @ theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when i was right about  @ rosie besides i get great ratings on the view
just stated by a total pro :  you are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking
in light the benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american public
 by releasing his records he can come clean with the american people and have $5 million go to a charity
i am happy to donate $5 million to a charity barack obama chooses  all i am asking is that he is transparent with the american people
my offer to obama is about transparency in 2008 american people were sold on hope and change this our last chance to get the full record
the response has been fantastic actually overwhelming ! thank you !
as stated here is the press release 
you have all been waiting the response has been amazing ! watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12 : 15 
this is not a media event or about donald j trump this is about the united states of america i will be 
this is not a media event or about donald j trump this is about the united states of america i will be cont 
if you like having the world collapse and being told america is leading from behindvote obama
that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump
last night was the first time obama said we instead of i in respect to bin laden's killing
barack obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after bin laden now he wants all of the credit !
my announcement is tomorrow !
tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject !
china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own !
 @ mittromney should have been more aggressive last night yet some polls have him winning the debate
the military and navy seals should be given more credit for bin laden's death not obama who works hard to take cont 
when the military informed obama that they had bin laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said ok go get him ?
doesn't the us have better things to do than to destroy an american hero for the world to see ? now other cont 
no matter what happens in the election  @ davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit he has kept obama in it even with his terrible record
i always said that  @ lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges by stopping he gave his enemies an opening
70 of the chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago 
the debate was pretty even but i thought mitt should have been much more aggressive on obama's failed foreign policy and i mean much more
debate was somewhat hard to watch last night viewership will be way down
bob schieffer will do a great job tonight always treated me fairly
well this is it the final debate let's see how it goes i'll be tweeting live
why don't we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden ? they don't seem to be happy with obama claiming credit all he did is say ok
everybody is asking about my announcement this wednesday concerning barack obamajust wait and see !
everyone knows i am right that robert pattinson should dump kristen stewart in a couple of years he will thank me be smart robert
this is my last election after my election i have more flexibility obama to  @ medvedevrussiae discussing our nuclear arsenal
obama planted that  @ nytimes story on iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate he wants libya and china off the table
 @ toure i felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on  @ piersmorgan he drove you insane but of course piers is a lot smarter than you
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy
 @ toure when you are fired from msnbc for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello
lots of autism and vaccine response stop these massive doses immediately go back to single spread out shots ! what do we have to lose
stay tuned for my big obama announcement probably on wednesday 
people are going crazy with my comments on diet coke soda let's face itthis stuff just doesn't work it makes you hungry
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight
they succeed because they think they can  virgil
the biggest problem with arod is he is bad for the chemistry of the yankees he must go
good luck to derek on his operation i know it will be a success he is a great champion
derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately it will be lucky for him like in past
a lot of the  @ yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season they are lucky they don't have to deal with george steinbrenner
i hope  @ boyscouts of america handle their problems a lot better than the board at penn state did you can't do any worse !
obama has called libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal just come clean alreadytell americans the truth !
yesi will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming monday
some of you were asking about the allstar lineup for celebrity apprentice 
i guess they don’t have freedom of the press in scotland we created this ad and the asa would not allow us to cont 
why would ohio listen to bruce springsteen reading his lines ? be careful or i will go to ohio and  @ mittromney will win it !
 @ evaemery never give up you have what it takes
it is a great honor to have helped the community so much 
can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election time certainly flies !
the yankees are absolutely terrible what happened to this team ?
hey  @ rosiehow is your recovery going ? i hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon !
 @ crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister
the last time i visited china i couldn't believe all the construction you can go up with a project in a weekno red tape
clinton commented in ohio today that  @ mittromney is right the economy has not been fixed under obamai always said bill was an honest man
when strasburg leaves  @ nationals for another team for more money will washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good ?
now there is talk of arod being shipped to  @ marlins if arod is not a  @ yankee next year the fans will be happy
robert i'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump kristen but i'm right if you saw the miss universe girls you would reconsider
 @ gharwood  because they are either jealous or losers or both
a reader just sent me the following :  i wanted to share with you something rather startling on page 103 of cont 
the biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that vince mcmahon  @ wwe
under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10 
if obama goes after mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then mitt should ask for obama's college recordsall of them
 @ antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster take a hint and get out of the film cont 
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all we should be given credit for taking this risk
can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight ?
michael vick of the philadelphia  @ eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback
just read about my friend  @ hulkhoganhe was set uptoo bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles
while the  @ yankees look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for cc
last saturday arod was 03 and left 6 stranded but he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  
obama talks about what he is going to dowhy the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
bad decisions can be devastating
obama was beaten but not knocked out  he lives to fight another day but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance
all the guys that said  @ mittromney would lose are rapidly coming on board  mitt will remember the early helpers
remember new environment friendly  lightbulbs can cause cancer be careful the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care
my twitter has become so powerful that i can actually make my enemies tell the truth
polls are starting to look really bad for obama looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win don't put it past him !
obama did much better than he did last timebut still lost decisively
obama has zero credibility on oil and coal if we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period !
i still love derek he is a winner !
remember i said derek don't sell your trump world tower apartmentits been lucky for you the day after he sold it he broke his foot
at the debate the president kept talking of what he is going to do i kept saying why didn't he do it ?  he lost me a long time ago
george will said best debate he ever saw if you ever heard george will speakboring anything is exciting
debate showed these guys really hate each other at one point it looked like they would come to blows 
you talk tough mr president but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy
such long rhetorical and boring answers from obama no wonder nothing gets done
obama is looking rhetorical and weak  @ mittromney is looking strong and sharp
obama just said  @ mittromney was a very successful investor big mistake for obama to admit he has less and less credibility
obama keeps saying that he will do something but why hasn't he done it ? it's all talk
then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices ?
why has obama let china and others take our jobs ?
getting ready to watch the debate as they say let's get ready to rumble !
i was just told by one of the top  @ pgatour players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country very nice complimenti agree
we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone agethey just don't believe we would
for political purposes only obama is planning to hit libya for the benghazi embassy attack right before the election ?
get ready for tonight !
i bet the terrorists in libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in benghazi
because obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongouspeople want to see if he is for real
obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row at least he is consistent
 @ rupertmurdoch is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for  @ israel if obama is reelected
verlander is great but  very beatable does not have a good era in playoff games
i turned down going to the debate tonight so that i could do live tweets to my many followers
i have no doubt that mitt will do really well tonight we'll all be watching  @ mittromney
lots of pressure on obama tonighteven more than arod if he doesn't perform well it could be over
i hope arod has a great night for the yankeeshe owes it to themespecially with derek hurt
based on very popular demand i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate
the invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government   @ mittromney
sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go bydonald j trump
once again obama fails to classify china as a currency manipulator he just helped china steal even more jobs and money from us
barack obama is not who you think he is most overrated politician in us history
isn't it time that obama release his college records and applications ? boy would that create a mess ! he is not who you think
lots of response to my comment on diet coke let's face it it doesn't work just makes you hungry
arod was a great player when he lived at trump park avenue even though he was on the juice !
derek jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at trump world tower i told him not to sell karma ?
arod is just not making it we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great
obama will be trying very hard at next debate he doesn't want to lose the boeing
who says obama will do better in the next debate has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks !
 @ mittromney's poll numbers are looking really good one more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout 
i have never seen a thin person drinking  diet coke
no i wasn't at the  @ yankees game yesterday can't go today either when i go they win
arod hit ball hard first at bat time for him to step up and leave
swisher should have caught ball in right field last night
 @ yankees are in trouble without derek try arod at short get him some confidence
a bad thing finally happened to derek jeter he is a great champion
so much for washington shutting down strasburg they deserved to lose
tonight despite everything put arod in the lineup 
everyone's wondering what's wrong with arod not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore the real reason 
they found jessica in colorado body was mutilated death to the pervert killer
joe girardi did a great job of managing the yankees this series
washington should have brought in strasburg to relieve they would have won
when strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency washington will say  what were we doing
i told you whenever i go to a  @ yankees game the  @ yankees win
when an employee leaves me and begs to come backi never let them loyalty is very important
i look forward to tuesday night's presidential debatei wonder if obama will use my name again
very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate
what we are watching on our tv screens is the unraveling of the obama foreign policy  @ paulryanvp
great to hear that our loyal  @ celebapprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast this will be something special !
i'm going to the  @ yankees game tonight to root them onthey always win when i am there
my scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the worlda great honor for me
credibility is important to me hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night  # vpdebate
there are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still  pres franklin d roosevelt
obamacare is a complete disaster many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it terrible
wing bangers the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the us
hard for biden to justify libya mess but doing best he can  # vpdebate
both candidates are looking sharp now it's up to the mouth and the mind  # vpdebate
looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment
so obama used to tell classmates that he was kenyan royalty and an indonesian prince 
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in us history
how the hell does the libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection ? !
why the hell did we help the libyan rebels in the first place that is the real scandal
amazing that derek jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's  @ yankees game and did so well
i guess they have lance armstrong cold brutal report a waste of taxpayer money to take down an american hero
asking why my dislike of aroddishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
great move to take arod out of game now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation drugs
when everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it  henry ford
even with lower profit projections american firms are still throwing money into china 
i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama be careful on thursday night !
you have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving big bird    @ mittromney
arod must be dropped in the yankees lineup tonight if they want to win he simply can't perform without drugs
receiving thousands of thank you letters from  @ libertyu students for my convocation speech the honor was all mine !  great people
delusionalobama actually thought that he won the debate 
i just had to fire someone he didn't have a cluehe reminded me of obama on wednesday night
27 days until america's greatest test since our founding in this election we decide whether we become great again
it doesn't matter who you vote forit matters who is counting the votes be careful of voter fraud !
obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate let's see how he reacts under pressure
i don't think obama will do well in the second debatehe is psyched out just like arod
i will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats on this there will be no flexibility with vladimir putin  mitt
by popular request i will also be tweeting live during the vice presidential debate  thursday night it will be very interesting i promise
the public is about to learn a lot more information on barack obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
now that obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in libya or iran  he is desperate
“in order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate”  think like a billionaire
with these record high gas prices what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate ?
looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates will be a lot of fun
when will the unemployment numbers be corrected ? sadly after the election !
george will is a political moron last month he said romney couldn't win
in the end andy pettitte did not rat out his friend roger clemens i like him again a lot
drop arod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use also not a pressure player
how long did it take for obama to call hugo chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection ?' who do you think chavez supports in ours ?
at the request of many i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate
who is more believable on the state of employmentthe great  @ jackwelch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for obama ?
i would do same thing if i were china  they want obama 
got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts too many incidentsfast trial death penalty
more than 70m people watched the presidential debate  a new record  see what happens when i am so prominently mentioned just kidding !
glad to hear that  @ robinroberts is doing well she is a terrific person
i promise to do a new  # trumpvlog when i get back next week lots of requests thanks !
to every action there is always opposed an equal reaction isaac newton
mr president you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts  @ mittromney
i'll be in london on sunday at the excel centre to talk about success it will be a great time for everyone ! 
happy to have just passed 15m followers on twitter we picked up over 14000 yesterday alone it's great to speak to everyone daily
i'm eagerly awaiting the next polls the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team let's see what happens
both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life you need to stay positive
wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy no wonder governments are giving up on them
as a big job creator i was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate
congratulations to mitt romney he was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight !
have you heard ? china just told obama to jump obama asked how high
obama's '07 speech which  @ dailycaller just released not only shows that obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him
i will be visiting trump int'l golf links in scotland tomorrow always great to see the great dunes of scotland  
who is rooting for obama more tonighthis campaign advisors or the press ?
can't wait for tonight's debateactually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch this is going to be a great night
reverend wright must have great hatred for obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside
a great article about how obamacare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 
it's tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for obama ?
the chinese are now hacking white house computers why not ? they already own the place
wednesday's debate is day one of the election over 70 million voters will be watching
glad to hear  @ sethmacfarlane will be hosting this year's oscars something new that should be fun
threatening phone calls from obama supporters are being made to the michigan gop office  
obama loves wasting our money he just made another guarantee of $197m to a solar company 
obama now wants to give another $450m to the muslim brotherhood money we don't have going to people that hate us moronic
how many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the afghanis they are training ? let's get the hell out of there and focus on us
i've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success jack welch
life is very fragile and success doesn't change that if anything success makes it more fragile the art of the deal
obama deserves much less credit for the killing of bin laden the praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya he should be held accountable
if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves  thomas edison
if you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible bring your friends and family with you
 @ mrschwab you have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times
to be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time 'midas touch' with  @ therealkiyosaki
my successful acquisition of the kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools
the  @ rydercup is currently going onand is one of the truly great sporting events
iraq was one of our biggest mistakes we got absolutely nothing for our sacrificesthe country will collapse cont 
having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishmentmidas touch
 @ benjaminprice18  go for the gold standardaim high be tenacious and have passion for your work
someone must be fired at  @ aol for that stupid deal they made buying huffington post
obamacare is a failure costs are rising much faster under obama than other presidents
i have fun i love what i do you should too find out how at the national achievers conference this october in london 
i hope the  @ rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face they must fight hard
does madonna know something we all don't about barack ? at a concert she said we have a black muslim in the white house
if only the morons  @ ap were as concerned with obama's inconsistent statements on the embassy attacks as they are cont 
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  the art of the deal
how long will it take for chants bring back the replacement refs  when a bad call is made ?
congratulations to my friend david wright of the  @ mets who is now their alltime hitting leader
40 days until the election crunch time  @ mittromney must stay on offense and take the fight to obama
china has done very well under obama now they just released their first aircraft carrier
china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage
must read column for all young people :  obama's war on young voters who elected him  
for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve   aristotle
pres o  a bump in the road in reference to our ambassador's and others killing in libya
aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think offact or great pr ?
obama's complaints about republicans stopping his agenda are bs since he had full control for two years he can never take responsibility
obama's new excuse for his failures is that you can't change washington from the inside not what he said in '09 
 @ brandonhardest  love what you do and work hard
andy williams has died he was a friend of mine and a great guy
one point i made sure to stress at  @ libertyd.c.o be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you
never let yourself be pushed aroundbut treat the good folks great
yet not one meeting with an ally or an enemy ! where's the media ?
the replacement refs are getting blamed for everything i've seen many bad sports calls over the years
one 57 is one of the worst looking buildings i've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly skin
believe and act as if it were impossible to fail  charles f kettering
 @ danceswithmetal  i am sure you would be just fine !
even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there will rogers
secure your place at the national achievers congress in london it will be an amazing event with a great surprise 
scaryobama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11 time for obama to come clean
despite all of china's cheating they are not doing that wellwe can beat themour country has great potential !
all these polls released by  news  outlets are oversampling democrats they want to influence public perception of the race
the emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations the apprentice never woneven though it should have many times over
with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy obama should be down by 12 pointsand he's not
the republican party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials they must be tough and smart
the ryder cup will be amazing this week
a letter written to one of my many critics ! 
a letter from an amazing woman 
no matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control overluck
but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky
i have fun i love what i do you should too find out how at the national achievers conference this october 
at the univision forum obama continued to make excuses for fast and furious 
i really like chelsea clintonan amazing young woman she got the best of both parents  @ ivankatrump agrees
the important thing is not to stop questioning curiosity has its own reason for existing albert einstein
it is now clear that the embassy attack in libya was a coordinated al qaeda operation and not based on some video
now every time islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse 
to be successful never give up my secrets to success will be shared at the national achievers congress in london 
qe3 a political favor for obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel  this hits low income families the hardest big mistake
come down hardtax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast
don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard or near your house it will destroy your property value
oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill our country would be rich againwho needs opec
technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago
the stage is set for the real debateit will be very interesting !
our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the cont 
 @ rickymoney  i don't know a lot about failures and as you know i never went bankrupt
at the national achievers congress in london this october i'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure  
a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have  pres abraham lincoln
it's monday how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy ?
while obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before 
teachers in chicago should go back to work immediatelyrahm emanuel has offered them a fair deal now they're just acting for the cameras
gas prices have doubled under obama over $5/gallon now in california we must start drilling from our own resources to become independent
obama is our unlucky president everything he touches turns into a mess some people just don't have it !
after being ripped off for years obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us he's finally listening to me
occupy wall street is at it again go out and get a job it's actually easier work and far more rewarding
success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except moneyjohnny cash
weekly jobless claims are up once again the economy cannot recover with obama in office
if you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read the art of the comeback
first obama says egypt is not an ally then he promises to keep handing over aid  
 @ shawnmaynard  this is our 13th season no precise date yet but most likely in the early spring shooting is underway will be terrific
why doesn't obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in egypt have live ammunition ? they need it fast
 @ mittromney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame
why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the muslim brotherhood in egypt ?
the media is pathetic our embassies are savaged by radicals while obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize  @ mittromney
obama told  @ nbc that egypt is no longer an ally they used to be until he pushed out mubarak
filming of the record 13th season of  @ celebapprentice has started be sure to be on the lookout for future updates
if obama was smart he would cancel the muslim brotherhood's wh visit later this month he won't
romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive he cannot let this happen stop pandering must get tougher cont 
with the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disasterthe worst president we have ever had
we threw our ally mubarak overboard and egypt is now our enemy great going obamaisrael is in trouble
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president
weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative we are getting pushed around and robbed under this president
the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary  vince lombardi
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy
so obama can host the muslim brotherhood pres morsi in the white house 
opec will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas they are always ripping us off
it's wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by islamists ?
what did we get for fighting in libya besides a dead ambassador demand their oil
as bad as they were i don't remember our embassies being attacked when mubarak and gaddafi were in power
obama is a disaster at foreign policy never had the experience or knowledge he is not capable of doing the job
libya is selling its oil to chinai notice the chinese ambassador is very safe
i always said the people we fought for in libya were bad  news  once again i was right
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans obama's foreign policy is a joke
when will obama next go on vacation if he wins the election ? the day after
i hope the  @ gop realizes that if they blow this election the tea party won't be with them next time
if obama wins it is the end of the republican party   @ limbaugh
why won't obama release his college applications ? is there something 'foreign' about them ?
on this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that bin laden's last sight was a navy seal pulling the trigger
today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago
why has barack obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background ?  
obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate he's in your face because the republicans dropped the ball cont 
you have enemies ? good that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life  winston churchill
one of the best moves i ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom but i used the downturn to my advantage
if  @ barackobama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 112
there are now 119000 fewer americans employed than there were in july the economy is still terrible
drew peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife change the law so he gets death penalty
dems had a very good and professional convention the republicans must be smart and toughand fast !
the republicans must get virgil goode out of the race in virginia he will take votes away from  @ mittromney
now we will never know if  @ barackobama would have been able to fill bank of america stadium pretty convenient
bill clinton did a great job last nightthe democrats are lucky to have him do you really believe he likes  @ barackobama ?
change before you have to jack welch
the democrats dropped all references to god from their platform not good !
north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte
i wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the democrats in charlotte right now
 @ serenawilliams is a special player after winning the gold for the us in the olympics it looks like she will cont 
with all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the  @ dnc convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16t
july us construction had biggest drop in 12months bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year
what message does it send when  @ barackobama's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago ?
record setting gas prices in the us  we're really looking dumb lots of $'s being made on us
why does  @ barackobama have such a fascination with my plane ? he is more than welcomed to come for a ride
be  yardstick of quality some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected  steve jobs
if you have a speechone that would put winston churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible !
republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy when will they learn that he is not ?
republicans should have been much tougher on obama just wait until you see what obama does to romney at the dnc !
i am sure the chinese are getting anxious they watch the polls  @ mittromney won't let them cheat us anymore
we have all the cards now is the time to make a great deal with iran
 @ govmikehuckabee was great the other night people love him
if you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome   michael jordan
gas prices are about to hit a record high during the labor day weekend  @ barackobama could have stopped this
after four  years of getting the runaround america needs a turnaround and the man for the job is governor mitt romney  @ paulryanvp
the dummies left iraq and libya without the oil !
let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me   @ govmike huckabee
only two weeks until we start shooting  @ celebapprentice we really have something amazing for the fans this year
no one will work harder no one will move heaven and earth like mitt romney to make this country a better place to live anndromney
it's wednesday how much money is china stealing from us today ?
i am very worried that if  @ barackobama is reelected then medicare will be destroyed we must take care of our seniors
i stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success   @ mittromney
 @ melaniatrump and i are looking forward to watching  @ anndromney's speech tonight she is an amazing woman who will be a great first lady !
ask china if their rapidly expanding with our money navy or armed forces are going green  they would laugh in your face !
don't think my statement on  @ ariannahuff was harsh if you knew her and the phony huffington post you would understand more to follow
 @ ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out i fully understand why her former husband left her for a man he made a good decision
they succeed because they think they can  virgil
look what happened to the autism rate from 19832008 since onetime massive shots were given to children
it is very sad to see what  @ barackobama has done with nasa he has gutted the program and made us dependent on the russians
sorry to hear of the passing of neil armstrong over the weekend he was an american hero
one point i made last night and will continue to push is that the  @ gop can't be pollitically correct we must fight fire with fire
why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue ? no more apologiestake the offensive !
the toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success irving berlin
florida has been very good to me i am really esxcited to give back at the sarasota gop event and  @ rnc convention will be fun !
life brings you many surprises as a child i used to vacation with my family at the doral in miami now i own it 
here is a letter i received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation 
i am proud of the tea party these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years
terrible tragedy at the empire state building today must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals
i am very surprised that  @ lancearmstrong gave up i never thought he was a quitter
when your life flashes before your eyes make sure you've got plenty to watch anonymous
spread shots out over long period and watch positive result
massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism
in any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise fight hard for that brand of yours
it's sad to see once decent  news papers like  @ usatoday failing so badly i just don't know if they can be saved
change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy  rudy giuliani
we are about to have a record $500b trade deficit with the chinese this year that money should be back here financing jobs in america
gas prices are soaring $412 in ca opec is laughing at how stupid we are
an idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous henry ford
many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning  @ barackobama's background i for one won't be
it's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'the art of the deal' the book has changed a lot of lives
distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments you need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential
we have to get tough with china before they destroy us
why are we continuing to train these afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back ? afghanistan is a complete waste time to come home !
the only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary vidal sassoon
congratulations to  @ bobmcdonnell on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year he is a fantastic governor
if  @ barackobama really loved this country he wouldn't be destroying it he has ruined our credit and killed jobs with obamacare
great sign : we built this business without government help obama can kiss our a ! 
the harder i work the luckier i get  samuel goldwyn
wind farms are killing many thousands of birds they make hunters look like nice people !
i always said  @ barackobama will attack iran in some form prior to the election
 @ israel could very well be close to attacking iran could be this election's big october surprise
jennifer aniston is engagedshe's a great person and i wish her well
there are only 22 days for  @ barackobama to drop  @ joebiden obama is not a loyal guy i think he is strongly considering it
i wonder what the work atmosphere is like  @ vanityfair it must be hard working at a dying institution
the huffington post is such a loserit will die just as aol is dying what a stupid deal aol made to buy it !
one of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after  @ joebiden gaffes i feel sorry for his spokespeople
the  @ lakers should have an amazing team next year with kobe nash and howard will be fun to watch
mr president take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to chicago   @ mittromney
chelsea clinton will be very successful in the world of politics she's always been a great persona winner cont 
i have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers if something works stay with it
my acquisition of the doral in maimi will be a major success for the trump organization the rebuilding is on schedule
scary thoughtwhat is the pervert anthony weiner doing with all the free time he has does he collect unemployment ?
nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidya disaster for taxpayers
the euro is going to collapse soon cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their euro investments
the chinese are planning on going to the mooni hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago  @ mittromney
great  news chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the us stock market 
every sports fan is treated to an all star game the loyal and growing fan base of  @ celebapprentice will be getting a much bigger treat !
now is the time to buy a house if you can directly from a bank they want to get rid of all their foreclosures
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since  @ barackobama became potus how many of them still have healthcare ?
watch my video blog to see if your questions from my facebook page were answered 
our airports are third worldhorrible let's rebuild them by people who know how to do itinexpensively
i will be speaking the night before the rnc in sarasota fl when i receive the statesman of the year award
as we told the  @ nydaily news  i was asked to speak at the rnc but said no because i will be doing something much biggerjust watch !
china is cooking up conspiracy theories that the olympics are rigged  
the penn state board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the ncaa they gave away cont 
just letting china know in advance that the usa will win the medal count in the olympics even with your cheating you can't beat us
over 100m are now receiving some form of welfare 
i wonder if  @ barackobama ever had an indonesian passport did he become an indonesian citizen when he lived there ?
to all struggling young entrepreneursstay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals they are out there
act as if what you do makes a difference it does   william james
people are finally beginning to hit china and opec they never give me credit for being the firstby farbut that's okay !
looking forward to meeting the great folks of sarasota gop party when i am honored as 'statesman of the year' should be a wonderful time
i am honored that  @ barackobama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads it was made in america !
to the geniuses at 'americans united for change' :  the more you tax me the less people i employ get it ?
now the world is looking to china for an economic 'lift' 
i have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world i employ thousands of people why am i the enemy ?
i went to  @ miketyson's play i will be doing a review in the next  # trumpvlog
the senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about  @ mittromney's taxes
the fed should not do another 'stimulus' we can't keep spending our children's future away on waste
our athletes in the olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world makes us proud to be americans
congratulations to  @ michaelphelps on concluding the greatest olympic career ever you have made us all very proud
congratulations to gabby douglas on winning the gold for the usa in gymnastics she is terrific !
us interest payments on the debt have already passed $375b this year 
new  @ mittromney tv ad dream  for these small businesses hope and change was not so kind :  
the american gymnastic team was greatour country should take their lead
not only does obamacare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall
the difference between  @ mittromney and  @ barackobama's campaign promises to  @ israel is that mitt will actually keep all of his
price of corn has jumped over 50 this will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen nasty for the economy
amazing how fast all of joe paterno's friends abandoned him they ran for the hills
the  @ yankees acquisition of ichiro was a smart move i look forward to watching him play
china's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing china to rip us off 
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't makethe art of the deal
foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with  @ mittromney to warn that we are viewed as in decline 
i am impressed with the scam  @ barackobama pulled but the truth will come out
i hope bill clinton and  news max's chris ruddy are enjoying their mission to africa two great people
show me someone without an ego and i'll show you a loser how to get rich
taking a photo with my family on the opening day of trump international golf links scotland 
the new  @ barackobama motto  you own nothing not even your own success 
john sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday   @ barackobama indeed needs to learn how to be an american
the class warfare being played by  @ barackobama is the only way he can get reelected he can't have america focus on his horrendous record
congratulations to john roberts for making americans hate the supreme court because of his bs  
why would  @ barackobama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide ?
remember how  @ obamacare did not have any tort reform ? now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
i wonder what the answer is on  @ barackobama's college application to the question :  place of birth ? maybe the cont 
the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting  sun tzu
so much for hope and change  @ barackobama has already spent over $100m on attack ads across the swing states 
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed
the football program at penn state should be suspended
penn state is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a closethey should be ashamed for hiding sandusky's crimes all these years
think of it20 of our country is essentially unemployed
free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class   @ mittromney
back in ny from scotland and fighting for our country to get better trump international golf links scotland opened to rave reviews
what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within usralph waldo emerson
if you don't have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre is that how cont 
have we ever had a potus before  @ barackobama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country ?
even the left realizes that  @ barackobama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country 
however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results  winston churchill
 @ mittromney should not give any other further information until  @ barackobama releases the things that everyone wants to see
i'm in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world it's amazing
i am truly honored to have been chosen statesman of the year by the republican party of sarasota county the cont 
my family and i just arrived in scotland for the grand opening of trump international golf links scotland 
keep an eye on anthony weiner weasels are hard to get rid of
as i anticipated justice roberts made the cover of time magazine etc the liberal media now loves him he should be ashamed
job numbers today terrible ! so what else is new ?
john roberts arrived in malta yesterday  maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there
today  @ barackobama is in ohio on a bus tour tomorrow pennsylvania how about actually running the country ?
i don't care what people say i like tom cruise he works his ass off and never ever quits he's one of the few true movie stars
happy to have just passed 13m twitter followers love communicating with everyone daily
david wright of the ny mets should have been on the 1st team all stars he's having a great year
a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him general douglas macarthur
interesting  studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
friends of mine who are driving cadillacsit is becoming a very hot carare raving about what a great job  @ cadillac has done
justice kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of justice roberts' bullshit !
interesting that roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when cont 
had a great time with  @ mittromney last night he is focused and ready for the battle ahead lots of money was raised
it seems that justice scalia originally wrote the majority on obamacare and roberts then switched his position 
justice roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from cont 
wind farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems 
the usc made a terrible decision today how can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a government tax ? !
the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes benjamin disraeli
the fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future that would be cont 
experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards vernon sanders law
empty pockets never held anyone back only empty heads and empty hearts can do that  norman vincent peale
wind power is proving to be very costly and unsightly
sometimes there is justice a chinese military  news paper was hacked 
us tuitions are completely out of control in the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15 
opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work  thomas edison
sadjust 16 of american parents think their children will be better off than them 
rape is a huge problem in the us military over 19000 rapes last year
the usc should be ruling any day now on  @ obamacare hopefully we will get the right result
now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered in 5 years remember i told you so
putin has no respect for our president  really bad body language
congrats to roger clemens he showed great courage this case never should have been brought to trial andy pettitte did the right thing
now even  @ barackobama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his reelection 
on friday  @ vpbiden said that china has better cities and airports than the us well what has  @ barackobama done about it the last 3 years ? !
i don't mind that  @ barackobama plays a lot of golf i just wish he used it productively to make deals with congress !
before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself when you become a leader success is all about growing others jack welch
things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out  john wooden
the us needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in china if the chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor
now is the time for the  @ gop to be united with the mission of electing  @ mittromney this november stop with the public divisions
i wonder when we will be able to see  @ barackobama's college and law school applications and transcripts why the long wait ?
leadership :  the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it dwight d eisenhower
great players in sports make the game fun to watch  @ derekjeter has continued to impress with another amazing season absolute professional
watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment  
today is my birthday my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again
the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have vince lombardi
the one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market this is the time to buy !
the euro put in place to hurt the us is done !  will have less negative impact than most think
success is not final failure is not fatal :  it is the courage to continue that counts winston churchill
don't believe the media stories opec and the saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs oil should be $30/barrel
the justice department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent this is a very grave situation
wastehud is spending $70m to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants 
with almost 13 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique thingsand people finally i will be a critic
miss pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of miss usa olivia culpo
too bad i'll have another out of belmont stakes interest now way down
this is a tragedy the real unemployment rate is 148 with over 232 million unemployed americans we can do much better
he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious  sun tzu
small businesses will have an ally in the white house with  @ mittromney mitt gave a great interview yesterday 
while i own properties across the world i am very excited about my new acquisition of  @ doral in miami cont 
 @ mittromney and i are working out a great dinner for someone i hope it's you ! 
the results are in i killed wolf blitzer in our debate i like wolf but he went for an ambush wolfblitzercnn
 @ billclinton was very nice to me as i am to him on the piers morgan show cnn he is loyal to his friends  @ piersmorgan
obama was very disloyal to wisconsin democrats  @ barackobama never showed up to help them even though he cont 
it was  @ barackobama who promised if you like your plan you can keep your plan now obamacare is causing cont 
a market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one  henry ford
now that china's own economy is slowing 
in some ways it is sad we all wanted  @ barackobama to succeed it's not worked out that way
the real war on women under  @ barackobama 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
welcome to the new reality be careful retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders 
congratulations to miss rhode island on winning the miss usa contest she did an amazing job
sooner or later those who win are those who think they can paul tournier
the stock market is having a horrendous day bad employment numbers
sooner or later those who win are those who think they can paul tournier
over $1t in annual deficit spending and adding over $6t to the debt for what ? may jobless numbers are horrendous the great obama recovery
see you tonight in north carolina making keynote for the republican party will be fun
thank you to the  @ nydaily news  for a very nice story 
unemployment has risen today and some other very bad  news  has just been reported the stock market is way down
the difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but cont 
dine with the donald and mitt 
looking forward to meeting everyone at the north carolina gop this friday where i will be the keynote speaker at the dinner  # gop
china and saudi arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world cont 
commodity prices are beginning  to drop as a result of the euro crisis 
george will was critical of  @ mittromney throughout the primary maybe it is because his wife was turned down for cont 
george will was pushing for  @ jonhuntsman for the gop nomination in decembersaid he was going to win cont 
in his own words  @ barackobama was born in kenya and raised in indonesia and hawaii this statement was made cont 
what could be better than dinner with  @ mittromney and me ? 
i want to see  @ barackobama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application
for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve   aristotle
the greatest commodity to own is land it is finite god is not making any more of it
losers such as george will and  @ rosie use me to get publicity for themselves they are strictly third rate
george will may be the dumbestand most overrated political commentator of all time if the republicans listen to him they will lose
attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference  winston churchill
why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the government ?
egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was they will soon be very strongly against israel thanks president obama  @ barackobama
do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ralph waldo emerson
obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals  henry ford
china is now given preference to buy us debt by going directly to treasury i don't believe  @ barackobama knows that he selling us out
who would you like to see on next season of  # celebrityapprentice ? let us know everyone wants to be on it
in today's  # trumpvlog i talk about how well will smith handled the situation with the reporter 
rev wright called  @ barackobama on tape a liar why isn't this being looked into ? it would be a great commercial for the republicans
will smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event cont 
seems hard to believe that  @ facebook could be worth that muchbe careful if you invest and mark zuckerbergget a prenup
mitt romney matches sitting president in fundraising for aprilnot an easy thing to do bad  news  for cont 
we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks
i hope mark zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend perhaps soon to be wife otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion
more than $500 million designated for iraqi army disappeared where is it ? our sad sad countrywhat have we come to ?
now china is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the philippines  
very resource rich canada our neighbor is looking to china for its growth just another sad commentary on the us 
the time magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgustingsad what time did to get noticed  @ time
 @ cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office i cont 
gas prices are still too high we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil
it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer  some good words from albert einstein it pays to be tenacious
entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality  # midastouch
what's the primary ingredient for success ? passion you have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far
still a buyer's market home prices are dropping mortgages are low now is the time to take advantage for your gain 
we must keep the pressure on  @ barackobama's administration to make sure chen comes to the us it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china
the election result in france is very disappointing the europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover
glad to hear mariano rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013 he is a true sportsman and a great competitor 
the 9/11 trials at gitmo over the weekend were a disaster can you imagine how much worse it would be if  @ barackobama tried them in nyc ?
watch et tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the met gala !  
much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation  # theartofthedeal
ultimately trump tower became much more than just another good deal i work in it i live in it and i have a cont 
i have a feeling the emphasis by  @ johnrich and  @ marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised cont 
with today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this november  @ mittromney can turn the economy around
the new unemployment numbers are terrible 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000  
fracking will lead to american energy independence with price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage
we will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget the democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years what a joke
the rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months 
the economy will come back but it will not be the same economy the old economy of the industrial age is cont 
the new dark knight rises trailer is great  
the innocent bystanders of american poverty are kids yet twothirds of childhood poverty in america is cont 
our founding fathers got it they understood that nothing good in lifereligious freedom economic freedom cont 
he  @ johnedwards is bad but  @ andrewyoung is worsenot only is he a rat but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself
in this book our second together we share what gives us the midas touch the ability to turn things we touch cont 
the epa is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies 
i have never been a fan of john edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things  @ johnedwards
standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world opens july 10th 
the economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year 
he  @ barackobama believes that the war on terror is over 
right now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with china that means every year china is cont 
the fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oiland that means we need to get cont 
demand by china continues to raise the price of oil 
the government spends 30 more than it admits  
you can take the smartest kid at wharton the one who gets straight a's and has a 170 iq and if he doesn't cont 
i am enjoying my travels across europe but home is where the heart is looking forward to coming back to the family in new york very soon
69 democrats voted in favor of the keystone pipeline in the house this week 
lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent the point lake and golf club on lake norman in cont 
not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people's health 
 @ mittromney can get people back to work
dick clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on east 61st street everybody loved him he will be missed
ted nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was it just shows the anger people have towards  @ barackobama
i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again cont 
i knew disgusting and unwanted porn star  @ repweiner was a sleazebag the first time i met him thank goodness he was revealed so to speak
obama's secret service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our president if they cont 
gloria allred is always talking about me she needs publicity she is by far a better pr agent than lawyer
paul teutul sr is a fantastic guy although i fired him on  # celebapprentice we will remain great friends i love the bike he made for me
it will be interesting to see how jenna talackova does as miss universe canada we all wish her luck
the fda must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies it is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue
just left the best golf course in the state of california  @ trumpgolfla when in the la area check it out even cont 
one of the simplest joys of life is golf a great game to both play and watch
many many people are thanking me for what i said about  @ autism  vaccinations something must be done immediately
many countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines the energy is very inefficient  cont 
excited to see that  @ anndromney has joined twitter melania and i are looking forward to hosting her next week cont 
he  @ flgovscott handled the zimmerman matter very well i am glad to see there will be a trial justice now let's wait for a fair trial
beyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of cont 
we just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for america and stick it to the cont 
look if we can make chopsticks in america and sell them to the chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as welltimetogettough
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until  @ barackobama is out of the white house
the fed should not do qe3 neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity
he  @ newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team playerhe is a really good guy !
now they say obese women may cause autism in children nonsense they use any excuse the fda should immediately cont 
thomas kinkade died i happen to love the beauty of his paintings he took a lot of heat from art critics who cont 
i will miss mike wallace he did a major interview with me for 60 minutes and it was totally fair and balanced cont 
vanity fair magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly  news stand sales are plummeting cont 
congrats to  @ bubbawatson on winning the masters he did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hangerons  he just played golf
the wh should not have hosted the muslim brotherhood  @ barackobama's friends are enemies of the us and  @ israel the islamist winter is here
looked at plans for trump doral country club today it will be amazing ! glad to be in miami
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit standing tall !
oprah will end up doing just fine with her networkshe knows how to win  @ oprah
this is a great time for  @ ricksantorum to bow out with dignity
maralago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of cont 
remember what i said about  @ barackobama attacking iran before the electioni hope the iranians are not so cont 
 @ ricksantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputationthe time to cont 
he  @ barackobama made a deal with saudi arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election watch what cont 
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york timesnot bad and we're only going to get better !
china is our enemy it's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly china will gain a whole cont 
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game  # theartofthedeal
he  @ barackobama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the usc rules that obamacare is unconstitutional it was cont 
real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now try to take advantage if you can and buy cont 
he  @ barackobama should not be trying to intimidate the usc justices on obamacare he is worried because sg cont 
life is very fragile and success doesn't change that if anything success makes it more fragile anything can cont 
when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has cont 
the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have leverage is cont 
the us should not give a penny of foreign aid to egypt if the muslim brotherhood takes over the country we cont 
be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday's episode 
a smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal cont 
the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it  # theartofthedeal
i like thinking big i always have to me it's very simple :  if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as cont 
to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system almost every cont 
i wonder if  @ barackobama has promised iran and china that he can be more flexible after his last election ?
the afghan security forces who we are training have killed 52 us soldiers 
when  @ barackobama is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the white house 
welcome to the 'islamist winter'  the muslim brotherhood is now taking over the egyptian military and possibly cont 
global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again 
alex rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the yankees in that he misrepresented his use of cont 
america's relationship with china is at a crossroads we only have a short window of time to make the tough cont 
sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster and cont 
maralago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of cont 
whether  @ reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing why release it now ?
if we reelect  @ barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the america we were cont 
if you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world i highly recommend that you read the art of cont 
 @ barackobama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production of course his policies have nothing to do cont 
the chinese want to steal our jobs and technologythat includes so called green energy which they make but cont 
i am following the trayvon martin case carefully it's a terrible situation that should never have happened cont 
we have to get tough on china for every one american child there are four chinese china is out to steal our cont 
he  @ ricksantorum has as much chance of being the gop nominee as  @ rosie does of ever having a successful cont 
they should seriously look into the moron george zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid trayvon cont 
played the trump international golf club in palm beach last weekend one of the best golf courses in the country perfect weather
he  @ ricksantorum wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see  # freespeech  it doesn't work that way !
i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of  @ trayvonmartin i support a full investigation and justice
congratulations to  @ barackobama for being reckless in his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable
america is mired in the longest job recession since the great depression  @ mittromney can get us out of it cont 
be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday's episode 
we should have gotten more of the oil in syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in iraq dumb leaders
we don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are presidents are our cont 
if we keep on this path if we reelect  @ barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won't look cont 
rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth it is a tax on all americans
 @ ricksantorum is clearly not a team player if he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the cont 
the illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand along our cont 
when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military capability you cont 
yes the bp oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling that showed no cont 
in terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approachesand i also include in that cont 
 @ mittromney has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states the primary is over time to defeat  @ barackobama
would anyone in the music industry treat a democrat like this ?  @ realmeatloaf is being punished for his political views 
afghanistan is a total disaster we don't know what we are doing they are in addition to everything else robbing us blind
china talks about the socalled carbon footprint and then behind our leaders backs they laugh they could cont 
the us is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to cont 
maniac sergeant who went on a killing spree in afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas pricesnot birth control
the only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is  @ mittromney the primary is over
excited by my acquisition of doral hotel  country club in miamialready world class but will soon be the best
getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take cont 
that's what i find so morally offensive about welfare dependency :  it robs people of the chance to improve work cont 
america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our cont 
as an honorary buckeye i want to thank the oh gop primary voters for putting  @ mittromney over the top it was a crucial win
while china screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face cont 
he  @ barackobama promised to close gitmo in his first year it is still open 3 years later and about to get a cont 
today will be a super tuesday for  @ mittromney  he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region he will be the nominee
americans understand that the us has a spending problem not a revenue problem  # timetogettough 
the chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft cont 
he made a great contribution to the press @ andrewbreitbart will be missed
imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the iraqi government agree to a costsharing cont 
imagine how much money the average american would save if we busted the opec cartel cont 
after super tuesday every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination
i loved being a surrogate on behalf of  @ mittromney i am glad i was able to help him win
ann romney is a fantastic lady she was great in thanking people last night ! 
american corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the chinese cont 
if  @ barack obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have cont 
the fact is you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs cont 
the uk has run out of money and can't afford to borrow 
it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on  @ barackobama america cannot survive a second term
it is time to get out of afghanistan we are building roads and schools for people that hate us it is not in our national interests
 @ sachabaroncohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood cont 
for a country like china being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings cont 
restoring american wealth will require that we get tough the next president must understand that america's cont 
we are the greatest country the world has ever known i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or cont 
if china didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily cont 
america's relationship with china is at a crossroads we only have a short window of time to make the tough cont 
he may be the worst reporter in all of sports rickreilly of  @ espn he gets away with murder and most people cont 
 @ jlin7 is a special player he makes watching the knicks fun i think he can lead the knicks far this season 
the more i get to know  @ mittromney the more i like him he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house
david letterman's show has become so boring and mundane somehow every time i look i can't help thinking of cont 
right now we have a president and a treasury secretary who shrug while china tears away hundreds of thousands cont 
our president should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy instead cont 
if the gop will have any chance to beat  @ barackobama in november the great people of michigan need to support  @ mittromney's candidacy
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us  @ barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china
government needs to stop pickpocketing your wallet every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs it's cont 
the fed is considering issuing even more us bond debt into the market not good !
 @ memoinc  you have to find a business that you love that's number one success requires passion then keep your focus and never give up
when the economy is bad  @ barackobama wants to raise taxes when the economy is good  @ barackobama wants to raise taxes notice a trend ?
so  @ jlin7 had another game winning shot last night looks like the knicks have not only found a new point guard cont 
 @ kingdelrosario i like to invest in what i know which tends to be real estate but i keep an open mind
 @ atlthrasher  i don't think it has run its course there are opportunities finding them and maximizing them are key components for success
 @ hangersmensline  my agenda is such that i can't meet with you but it's always nice to be asked and i wish you the best
 @ thejoey  that could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment this season of celebrity apprentice is greatbe sure to watch
so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want ? they want trump cont 
america's primary goal with iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions let me put this as plainly as i know cont 
we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart cont 
we need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat china poses in the cont 
a gallon of gas is $3523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year 
we need a tax system that is fair and smartone that encourages growth savings and investment it's time to cont 
look when it comes to china america better stop messing around china sees us as a naive gullible foolish cont 
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented  it is a losing issue for  @ barackobama and must be repealed
the $25 billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees stupid !
“our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known we have big hearts big brains and cont 
“obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us he thinks that the wealth you create cont 
the fastest way we can start saving social security is to get americans back to work  # timetogettough cont 
the gop needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate  @ barackobama and his big spending allies in cont 
keystone must be approved oil is at a record high we need to use our resources and support allies like canada
 @ wyattbrian  timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed
the church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda barackobama lied to his catholic supporters to pass obamacare
the fed is destroying the dollar when inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas
 @ cheatingdeam  my best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing you need passion cont 
who is the dumbest man on tv ?  @ lawrence of msnbc 
government needs to stop pickpocketing your wallet every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs it's cont 
getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take cont 
 @ bats67 as a parent education has a high priority it is very important i went to one of the best schools and cont 
 @ ianbqueen  in answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family
why is  @ mittromney the only guy who talks about getting tough with china and their currency manipulation ?
many people have been asking me to answer questions you can ask me questions at any time  # trumpqanda
i endorsed  @ mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china
the prayer breakfast was used by  @ barackobama to say that the bible commands higher income taxes that's not the way it is !
the economy is in terrible shape  @ barackobama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth 
so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want ? they want trump cont 
the cbo has predicted that unemployment will rise to 88 this next year 
we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers cont 
i bet the dumbest political commentator on television  @ lawrence will soon be thrown off the air for poor cont 
the point is :  the chinese are smartthey respond to economic pressure and they know they're not going to get cont 
formerly of the new york times  @ frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out sadly he is an even cont 
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn this is why we bailed the banks out !
it is simply immoral for the government to encourage ablebodied americans to think that a life on welfare of cont 
all eyes are on florida today i will be watching the gop primary results very closely we need the right candidate to beat  @ barackobama
my appearance this morning on good morning america
the islamists are taking over egypt through the election 
the gop primary is getting very nasty the candidates need to remember that  @ barackobama is the main target he must not be reelected
for those who missed my chat with  @ hannityshow on radio here it is on tv sean is terrific
sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs  @ barackobama has been a total cont 
“did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the united states we could power america’s cont 
check out this great story from the  @ wsj 
last night in his sotu  @ barackobama claimed that he is a friend of israel does anyone really believe that
notice how  @ barackobama failed to mention obamacare last night in his sotu even he knows it is terrible
for a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is obama also appears surprisingly clueless cont 
all raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford cont 
people are smart they know you can't be for jobs but against those who create them it doesn't work cont 
all i heard in the sotu was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats very bad !
my daughter ivanka thinks i should run for president maybe i should listen 
it has been 1000 days since  @ barackobama has passed a budget he continues to spend this country into the ground without any control
look here's the deal barackobama has been a total disaster he has spent this country into the ground and cont 
obama wants americans to keep buying crude from opec who is ripping us off instead of our ally canada through cont 
i have great respect for the people that represent china what i don't respect is the way that we negotiate and cont 
china has hacked another us government body 
canada will now sell its oil to china because  @ barackobama rejected keystone at least china knows a good deal when they see it
in all my years in business and participating in politics i've never seen the country as divided as it is right cont 
the law requires individuals pay 15 on carried interest why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to ?
the national debt continues to rise at record levels and today  @ barackobama is in disney world he lives in a fantasy
texas is lucky to have him  @ governorperry is a great guy !
our country has a big heart and it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own  # timetogettough cont 
conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes cont 
“the problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological cont 
“to state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under”  # timetogettough
“get it straight :  pakistan is not our friend we’ve given them billions and billions of dollars and what cont 
for too long we've been pushed around used by other countries and illserved by politicians in washington who cont 
the american work ethic is what led generations of americans to create our once prosperous nation cont 
i love america and when you love something you protect it passionatelyfiercely even  # timetogettough  cont 
the us is always getting ripped off ! china gets cheap oil from iran and iraq as us pays for hormuz patrols to cont 
america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our cont 
a real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies cont 
president reagan had it right :  social security is here to stay we must root out the fraud and make it more cont 
why are we building a $1billion embassy in iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil  is about to get taken over by iran ?
new hampshire has a major decision to make today hopefully we won't have to hear any more mandarin spoken in future debates
this is why  @ timtebow is a winner he lays everything out on the field he never quits and never gives up that's why he is a success
the damage that democrats weak repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on america has put cont 
we need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep america strong safe and free and who can cont 
restoring american wealth will require that we get tough the next president must understand that america's cont 
why do you need a photo id to buy a drain cleaner  
sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster   # timetogettough
instead of creating new jobs obamacare is destroying jobs and the worst part is yet to come since the truly cont 
now  @ barackobama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgageshe will spend this country into the ground 
if other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection   # timetogettough
people who have the ability to work should but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't  # timetogettough
china is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against iranian sanctions 
the new season of the celebrity apprentice begins feb 12be prepared for the best season yet ! 
if americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the cont 
beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it cont 
iran has warned the us not to send an aircraft carrier back into the strait of hormuz we should send three as a cont 
michelle obama likes to be addressed as your excellency
nobody cares about the iowa straw poll is what  @ jonhuntsman said yesterday his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign or him
celebrity apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning 
michele bachmann just dropped out of prez race when she didn't do the  news max debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her
we left iraq and it is quickly falling apartwhat a waste of lives and moneyand so obvious
i have so much admiration and respect for the 24 million men and women of our armed forces  # timetogettough
he should be ignored ronpaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies he has zero chance to beat  @ barackobama
i am honored that texas supporters have filed papers in texas to create make america great party on my behalf 
he knows he won't have to spend much jonhuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar
a good friend sarahpalinusa more importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put america on cont 
michele bachmann will finish dead last tonight in iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss sadly it is over for michele
to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system  # timetogettough
i will be on the  @ todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show stay tuned !
the washington establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse a great thinker and outsider is needed
i play golf to relax my company is in great shape  @ barackobama plays golf to escape work while america goes down the drain
i like russell brand but katy perry made a big mistake when she married him let's see if i'm righti hope not
america wasted billions and precious lives in iraq and iran will soon take controlvery very sad
i predicted the 9/11 attack on america in my book the america we deserve and the collapse of iraq in  @ timetogettough
china has 5 oil projects in iraq and we didn't get anything from the iraqis except asked to leave iraq is going cont 
the fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come the fed has to be reined in or we will soon be greece
china hacked the us chamber of commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members china keeps cont 
govt collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops sadly i called this one and please remember i alone called it
the safest way to preserve medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy we should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately
a week after biden says that the taliban is not our enemy the taliban demand that we pay iraq for a 9 year occupation 
my new book  # timetogettough is the best present of the holiday season a great gift for anyone who cares about this country
less than a week after we leave iraq the country is already unraveling we got nothing from the iraqis and now cont 
he is delusional barackobama believes that he is the 4th best potus ever
the wh yesterday defended biden's comments that the taliban aren't our enemy when did the american people decide this ? 
obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will  # timetogettough
the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation   # timetogettough
tom marbles in his mouth brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the apprentice for nbc now he calls cont 
he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't  @ barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us
he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government @ barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the cont 
people who have the ability to work should but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't  # timetogettough
when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies timetogettough
iraq in political turmoil one day after we leavei told you so
my interview with andy dean on  @ americanowradio i told him what i really thought about the  @ fox news  debate 
a total lightweight jonhuntsman continues to give the worst responses on china in the debates i can see why cont 
but maybe my biggest beef with obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about america  # timetogettough
i believe this book will rock a lot of people don't just read  # timetogettough but share it with your friends and family ! rushlimbaugh
thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the  # timetogettough book signings it is great to meet fellow patriots
this is what  @ barackobama thinks :  that america would be better off if we acted more like european socialist cont 
with the number of tweets sad sack  @ rosie has done she has totally lost control of herself hopefully not a breakdown
iran is closing the strait of hormuz for a military exercise imagine what they will do with nukes ? !
we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers  # timetogettough
it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my  # timetogettough book signings anyone who wants to be prez should read !
so if iran is going to take over the oil i say we take over the oil first by hammering out a costsharing plan with iraq # timetogettough
save your time  @ rosie and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same
 # badratings  @ rosie you will never make it you are not funny or talented
i feel sorry for rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with  @ rosiea true loser
real unemployment is 20 we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas
who handed iraq over to iran yesterday ?  @ barackobama we have gotten nothing from the iraqis we should have them pay us back with oil
the mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president @ barackobama has asked for iran to return the drone  # timetogettough
we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals  # timetogettough
why did  @ barackobama let iran keep our drone ? now it is going straight to the chinese he should have taken it out
if these guys have any integrity they'd say no to msnbc  a network that few watch and is very negative  @ andrewbreitbart re debate
i'll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow in trump tower11 am to 2  pm  hope to see you there
you know what is the worst part of  @ barackobama's tuesday speech playing class warfarewe paid for it with our tax dollars
what is a bit appealing about this idea of trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh… cont 
whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin it just is when the price o… cont 
president reagan put it best :  welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence
call me old school but i believe in the old warrior's credo that to the victor go the spoils in other word… cont 
did you know that one of seven americans is now on food stamps ? think of it in the united states the most pr… cont 
first there was the declaration of independence then there was the constitution now there is  # timetogettough available today
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in america
the new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs
if the art of the deal is a must read then  # timetogettough is my opus  it is available dec 5th !
the fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars this will eventually create record inflation it has to stop  # timetogettough
the unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth  we must start making our own products again  # timetogettough
china is so brazen that they now give us economic advicethey tell us  what to domuch like a strong stockh… cont 
america's trade deficit with china is one of our greatest national security threats  time for fair trade we must produce our own products
the banks were bailed out by us they should start lending to private entrepreneurs the banks are slowing american growth
my new book time to get tough will be out dec 5th solutions you won't hear from the politicians the bes… cont 
iran will soon take all of the oil in iraqand iraq itselfkeep the oil
i dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them time is moneythe art of the deal
egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical islam the current protest is another coup attempt  we should never have abandoned mubarak
when the super committee fails  @ barackobama will get exactly what he really wantsautomatic cuts in defense spending this is his plan
if  @ barackobama wanted the super committee to succeed he would have lead instead he has been campaigning where is the leadership ?
the super committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it the republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal
obamacare is one of the greatest threats our country faces  it is unsustainable and will lead america into complete insolvency
regardless of the usc's ruling obamacare can only be defeated politically it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt
crude is at $100/barrel with the current state of the world economy how is that possible ? opec is ripping of… cont 
fewer americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums obamacare must be fully repealed 
 @ barackobama will attack iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election if the… cont 
to the brave men and women past and present in our armed services best wishes on veterans day
the death tax should be abolished  the government is  simply taxing you twice it is also a job killer
the fed should not bail out the eu  europe's financial mess is their problem not our problem !
mitt romney did great in the debate last night
the fannie and freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars they were bailed out with $169b of our money
he is out of real solutions @ barackobama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase
the  @ supercommittee will fail the republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal
some  @ ows protesters are sincere people frustrated with the systemothers just in for the party
our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing washington does not have a revenue problem
the federal government spent over $37 trillion last year this is unsustainable and a true danger the american dream is being destroyed
a record high 67 of americans are living in extreme poverty this is tragic  we can do better
the greatest threat to our security is our debt it is already past 100 gdp we need to make real budget cuts
why is  @ barackobama letting the taliban know when our troops are leaving ? 
another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy this is how the money we borrow at 40 from china is wasted
the republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal  military cuts will now come along with tax increases
the chinese military is already hacking our satellites 
it snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in new york city it is still october so much for global warming
the us air force won the war in libya to clear the way for islamic extremist control of libya
why aren't we getting any oil from iraq before we leave ? we are leaving the country wide open for iran big mistake
when will washington stand up to china china is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs washington should move on legislation
i am happy to see the majority of the gop candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped
i heard because his show is unwatchable that  @ lawrence has made many false statements last night about me maybe i should sue him ?
the 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime we must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back  @ barackobama's damage
stop calling my office to do your show i have more important things to do with my time nobody's watching you !  @ lawrence
please only respond by tweet  @ lawrence because like everyone else i don't watch your show
the job plan by  @ barackobama is nothing more than a second stimulus the first failed and so will this one
see what i have to say about iran and iraq in today's  # trumpvlog 
we are leaving iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure we should be reimbursed with oil !  don't give it to iran
why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets ? china is an enemy not a friend
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil ? what do we get out of this ?
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99 time for them to go home !
 @ barackobama claims that all his choices were the right ones i am sure the 20 of americans who are unemployed disagree
both  @ barackobama and china have embraced ows all want the decline of america time for the protesters to go home
our country is blowing up and  @ barackobama is out campaigning
everyone makes mistakes but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters  midas touch
iraq's government is treating us like fools we should demand their oil
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums
iran was planning to attack the israeli and saudi dc embassies we should respond accordingly the diplomatic  window is closed
it is time for iran to face serious consequences this regime is a threat to our national security
china's military buildup is a major threat to the free world we must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs
more questions answered 
check out the  # trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions 
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting  @ barackobama at the white house
mitt romney is right about the chinese ripoff of america
the debate was very interesting last night there were numerous winners and governor romney did very well
i don't want to be the only billionaire in americai want all americans to be rich
if the prez wants to create jobs talk to some business peoplenot liberal intellectuals
the only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices
a guy named  @ bobbeckel on fox their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain
i have traveled the world america is the most beautiful country on earth
the only job  @ barackobama cares about is his own everything he does is for his own reelection
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan ? we must rebuild our country first
the gop primary schedule is a disaster not enough time
arod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs arod misrepresented to th… cont 
 @ barackobama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure does he really believe we are that stupid ?
why is the un condemning  @ israel and doing nothing about syria ? what a disgrace
washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on solyndra type loans yet they want to cut military spending
china is threatening washington over the currency bill  we should pass it immediately
 @ barackobama sold guns to the mexican drug cartels  they were used in the murders of americans  where is the outrage ?
 @ barackobama now says  that he is an underdog in 2012 america should be so lucky we still need a solid candidate
the democrats in the super committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks huge mistake cut wasteful spending first
the unemployment numbers are tragic we are letting the world take our jobs  it has to stop !
 @ barackobama said yesterday that we have gone soft how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't ?
how many  more billions of dollars will  @ barackobama continue to waste in these solar companies ?
the only way for medicare and social security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy  @ barackobama doesn't get it
the iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts they laugh at us we can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons
the fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation
china does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves we have all the advantages but don't execute
 @ jonhuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination whoever said i wanted to meet him ? time is money and i don't waste mine
obamacare must be completely repealed a recent report from ubs shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring
happy new year to all my jewish friends
our economy is struggling and opec continues to rip us off output is low and the price is too high  they ar… cont 
it seems  @ barackobama had our tax dollars buy guns for mexican drug lords that were used to kill americans we need answers now
i couldn't make the faith and freedom confab in orlando so i sent a video 
now is no time to cut military spending we must remain strong our enemies are looking for weakness i'm i… cont 
government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed this will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term
australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love america
china is neither an ally or a friendthey want to beat us and own our country
rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un
if you're going to thinkthink big  the art of the deal
i find it really hard to listen to  @ barackobama's speeches he doesn't have a clue
it  seems there is never a problem for which  @ barackobama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax
how will raising taxes create jobs ? washington is all out of answers new leadership is needed
if china had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent instead we continue to buy oil from opec
it  doesn't cost any money to think bigger   the art of the deal
i applaud  @ netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the un to defend  @ israel a true us friend and great leader
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector
bob turnergreat guy great businessman will be a great congressman was happy to help him win
the white house is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the fast and furious investigation american lives were lost we need answers
how can the economy ever recover when  @ barackobama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes this is no way to spur growth
the american economy would grow if washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations government is not the solution
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world we have fallen from first under  @ barackobama
iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary
us should have told libya rebels  give us 50 of your oil for our military support
usa should take oil from iraq in repayment for their liberation  
fast and furious   gun running goes all the way to the white house  we need answers now !
the white house is predicting 9 unemployment throughout 2012 – and when obama care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher
make no mistakefast and furious goes all the way to the white house
my thoughts on dick cheney and his new book… 
if the un unilaterally grants the palestinians statehood then the us should cut off all its funding actions have consequences
if the palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group hamas ?
more and more americans seem fed up with both partiesi agree
there is no substitute for private sector experience
america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people
china's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the american economy with the right leadership it can be stopped
there usually is an easy solution to every problem for instance a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election
we have spent over $1 billion on the  libya operation what are we getting back ?
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over
we  spent over a billion on libya and lead the waywhy is europe getting the oil ?
 @ ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration wrong for media to ignore him
we don't need another stimulus the first one was a complete failure why repeat the same mistake ?
israel is being barraged by rockets from gaza recently they must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens
you can listen to my interview today with jay sekulow live and the  @ jordansekulow show here 
many people have been asking to see my plane the apprentice's  @ amandatmiller will give you a tour 
ron paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in iraq and afghanistan
my interview this morning on good morning america  with george stephanopoulos  
a good example of how our country wastes money 
china is a threat to america they are not our friend
ron paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in iraq and afghanistan
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity he believes in government
it's easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties
looking forward to the gop  debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll we must get a real leader
i was on cnbc this morning talking about the market and america's financial future  
the fed continues to flood the market with us dollars wrong move
oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times opec continues to rip us off not worth $30 new leadership needed
republicans and democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade this is not a go… cont 
the sp are losers they did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… cont 
obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy
in today's  # trumpvlog i answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy 
morning joe panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better america without giving credit  the story of my life !
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house  they just don't get it
i believe america can be great only with proper leadership
wake up america  china is eating our lunch
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator
why i would not have approved the deal 
no taxes the only good thing about dc debt deal
the more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal ? america must remain strong
this is the best deal the republicans could get ?
disappointed in gop and demsgiving obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake
we need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem
if obama has to refight this fight next year he loses   watch the fine details in every deal  the art of the deal
blue ribbon commission to find and agree to future spending cuts ? bad idea
never quit and always hit back  the art of the comeback
i appreciate the kind words of mike huckabee a fine american 
 @ johnboehner  the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it  the art of the deal
please tweet me your questions to answer in my  # trumpvlog
people ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first timethey are never prepared or maybe just very nervous !
know when to walk away from the table   the art of the deal
america's debt is greater than our gdp time for new thinking
my interview from yesterday on fox and friends  gop crazy if  they don't get everything they  want  
my thoughts on the situation in norway and amanda knox 
the answer to both social security and medicare is a robust growing economynot cuts on the elderly
unfortunately @ barackobama's continued attack on the us $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
ronald kessler's new book the secrets of the fbi is a great book that should be read by everyone
the gang of six  yet another unmitigated disaster any deal needs to repeal obamacare tea
obama is addicted to spending america into insolvency his record proves it
robust economic growth is the answer to the medicare problemnot cuts on the elderly
so china is ordering us to raise the debt limithow low have we as a nation sunk ?
the gop doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity defunding obamacare should be central to any deal
congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of  their daughter arabella rose yesterday
 @ marcorubio is right we need to create more taxpayers not more taxes cut cap and balance  
what is better advice the art of the deal or rules for radicals ? i know which one  @ barackobama prefers
take a look at  
 @ barackobama you have abandoned israel and engaged the muslim brotherhood and even the arab world does not like it 
 @ johnboehner much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation  the art of the deal
 @ obama  iranian weapons killing americans in iraq ? what are u doing about this ?  
 @ johnboehner message for house gop  the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it  the art of the deal
if only  @ obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening israel's borders then america would be on the path to solvency
the art of the dealthe best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have cut cap and balance
perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in washington  
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country
please read 
did my weekly phoner on fox  friends this morningsounding off on issues of the day 
our new miss usa alyssa campanella came up to my office today for a visit we're proud to have her as our new title holder
check out my speech from last friday 
watch my appearances on good day ny 
wishing everyone a happy memorial day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country
congratulations to john rich and to marlee matlin for a terrific job throughout the season you are both great ! 
get ready for some excitementthe live finale of the celebrity apprentice is on this sunday night don't miss it !  
vote for the next miss usa 
this has been a very difficult decision regarding the presidential run and i want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support
my thoughts on the o'reilly factor and more here 
my appearance on the view 
check out my most recent interview with cnn 
this is about the money i gave to charityand in response to your comments about gadhafi 
my thoughts on the geico ad and more in today's video blog 
i want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives i really think they can do that through thetrumpnetwork 
here are my thoughts on last night's episode of the celebrity apprentice 
i spoke with fox and friends today watch here 
 @ shouldtrumprun hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumpruncom  have you ?
some of your most popular questions answered in today's video 
tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video
i will be developing the two tallest towers in the republic of georgia  
more of your questions answered in today's video at 
i was on the today show this morning and then visited regis  kelly the celebrity apprentice starts this sunday night—don’t miss it !
i answered some of your questions in today's video 
i answered your questions in today's video watch at 
check out my interview from msnbc at 
watch the latest from the desk of donald trump at 
i was speaking with don imus this morning 
from the desk of donald trump two new videos up at 
i was on cnn yesterday
it was great to appear on piers morgan tonight last night as his first live guest piers won the celebrity apprentice and he's fantastic
be sure to watch oprah today 4  pm  on channel 7 i'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour
the people at shouldtrumpruncom have got it right ! how are our factories supposed to compete with china and other countries
congratulations to brandy as our new apprentice and to clint for being a great player it's been a terrific season !
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving !
staff sgt salvatore a giunta received the medal of honor from pres obama this month it was a great honor to have him visit me today
tune in tonight at 10  pm  on nbc for another exciting episode of the apprentice  and see the dog whisperer make an appearance
see the new sizzle reel for the apprentice   
i am very happy to have the civilian version of the apprentice back on the air this fall there will be excitement as well as opportunity
went to the yankees game last night with bill o'reillywe had a great time watching the yankees win !
four more days until the miss universe pageant be sure to tune in on monday night at 9  pm  on nbcit will be an amazing show
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest click here wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
could this be my newest apprentice ? 
and yet another all of them are spectacular  
george steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend there will never be anyone like him in new york we've lost a truly great man
the new edition of the apprentice will be on thursdays this fall at 10  pm  eti'm putting people back to work !
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend we have a lot to be thankful for
work is expected to begin today on my golf course in scotland it will be spectacular ! 
and trump soho new york is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere 
i am honored to be chosen by gray line for their ny ride of fame campaign today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of trump tower
checking out the course at tngc westchester and it is fantastic should be a great season 
wishing everyone a happy memorial day weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom
the dunes here are amazing and  they're how i learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms we've had a great trip
the north coast of scotland is spectacularthe sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffswe walked the course and it is fantastic
scotland is beautiful i spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place !
the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time it was a terrific season  congrats to everyone !
congratulations to bret michaels the new celebrity apprentice bret's a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win !
put  this on your calendar :  the celebrity apprentice live finale is this sunday at 9  pm  on nbc who will be the next celebrity apprentice ?
we're all very happy to hear of bret michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery
melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight 9  pm  on cnn be sure to tune in for some great conversation !
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery
melania and i will be appearing on the view tomorrow at 11 am on cbs tune in for some great fun !
melania and i saw american idiot on broadway last night and it was great an amazing  theatrical experience !
before kids can go places they need a place to go  the motto of the police athletic league an organization i'm  very proud to support
looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day !
this is a terrific day for downtown new york trump soho is unlike anything else be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon !
my bestselling book from last april think like a champion is now available in paperback it's inspiring entertaining and a great read
don't forget the open call at trump tower tomorrow for the apprentice i look forward to seeing you there
the original apprentice is coming backdo you have what it takes to be the next apprentice ? for casting details :  
last week's episode of the celebrity apprentice set the stage for a great new season tune in this sunday on nbc for even more excitement
i am happy to announce that theoriginal apprentice which will offer job opportunities to those in needis coming back
the new season of the celebrity apprentice is off to a great start last night it swept the 10  pm  hour in every key demographic
superbowl sunday is a great american tradition the colts and saints are already champions but may the best team win !
wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving !
a lot of people have imagination but can't executeyou have to execute with the imagination donald j trump 
think that’s the first step use all your power to utilize and develop that capability donald j trump 
congrats to winners from around the world who entered the think like a champion signed book/keychain contest ! 
be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation donald j trump 
 wishing a happy father's day to all the dad's out there  you are a champion today and everyday ! 
last week to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest :  
you have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward donald j trump 
did you know donald trump is on facebook ? 
keep it fast short and direct  whatever it is donald j trump 
always know you could be on the precipice of something great donald j trump 
these dayswe could all use a little of the power of trumpative thinking –barnesandnoblecom 
listen to an interview with donald trump discussing his new book think like a champion :  
my persona will never be that of a wallflower  i’d rather build walls than cling to them donald j trump
donald trump will be appearing on the view tomorrow morning to discuss celebrity apprentice and his new book think like a champion !
be sure to tune in and watch donald trump on late night with david letterman as he presents the top ten list tonight !